Scrapbox in the History of Information Dissemination
2017-05-31
	In the past, information dissemination on the Web was static HTML.
 The cost of transmission in the form of blogs has decreased and the number of transmitters has increased.
 Emergence of "microblogs" such as Twitter
 	In particular, Twitter's strict character limit contributed to the destruction of the stereotype that one must write properly to transmit information to the world. [Never aim for perfection from the start.]
  More callers.
  Most of the increased information dissemination is garbage
  	[Sturgeon's Law]
  But the increased volume and faster releases brought value. [Agile development]-like information dissemination.
 Emergence of post-structured services such as Togetter
 	On the other hand, there is a growing need to "summarize" fragmented information posted on Twitter after the fact.
  Services that meet that need emerge.
  Rather than "summarizing my ideas by myself and then writing about them on my blog," I have started writing about them on Twitter, Facebook, etc., and then summarizing them later, based on other people's reactions, etc.
 Scrapbox
 	Fragments can be published while maintaining links to other fragments.
  Personally, I would like to use the metaphor of "road" because I think "link" is an existing concept and some people may misunderstand it.
  When a fragment is released, there is a path leading from it to other concepts.
  There is a path that says, "Later there will be a page at the end of this path."
  Structured after the fact
  Scrapbox's own functionality helps with that structuring.
  I don't care about [words serialized in one dimension].
  	[Scrapbox Best Practices]
		[thoughts networked by associative pathways, as in the brain] can be published at low editorial cost
  Heavy user Dr. Shiozawa's [4779-170528 Scrapbox is the "Dennou" - shiology https://shiology.net/4779-170528-scrapbox%E3%81%93%E3%81%9 D-%E9%9B%BB%E8%84%B3-5951e69420bb], who wrote this article.
   >Since I turned the prog into Scrapbox, I have published everything from draft status.
			> But there is a lot of text that I haven't actually put on my blog. I am sure that is by far the most common. It's a waste.
   >When I reviewed my personal projects that I use the private setting, I found that they certainly contain some content that cannot be made public, but there is also a lot of content that can be made public.
  	I'll make a big disclosure except for the content that I really can't disclose.

	What's next?
  Bot?
  	Looking at other heavy user use cases, the benefits of using the system with multiple people are high.
   On the other hand, I don't want the boundaries of "my work" to be blurred.
   Why not just be human?
   Given an input in the form of a network of concepts, the
   The bot comes to me with a Wikipedia information network stored in its brain, and wanders around on my network, adding quotes from Wikipedia as it sees fit.
   No human being has all the information on Wikipedia in his or her head, while for a computer it is not so absurdly large.
  Impact on the way we write and read
  	Current writing style is waterfall development-like.
   Agile writing style has its advantages.
   [Incremental Reading] and [Incremental Writing] were born out of [Interval Repetition Method], but Scrapbox could be a good fit as a means of
   My current book is written in waterfall, but I've been wanting to make it agile for a while.
   	I wonder if it can be considered a kind of agile development in the sense that the "draft table of contents" is decided first, but the actual "writing" implementation is released to reviewers every 3-week iteration.
    	Think of the proposed table of contents not as design drawings, but as a "customer wish list" that the publisher wants you to write?
     Well, actually, we can modify the table of contents itself if we think it's necessary.
   When one writes a book, there will be a lot of "things that were not written" or "things that were written but not used" that were cut off in the shaping process. You could structure these in Scrapbox and publish a sequel.