Efficient protocols for technical communication
Efficiency.
	It is expensive to figure out what they know and what they don't know
 The speaker assumes that the listener knows most of the steps and only the last one is unknown.
 Listeners ask immediate questions about what they don't understand.
 The speaker explains what was asked
seems to be a good idea ([delayed evaluation] kind of idea)

But realistically.
	If the listener doesn't have enough [self-affirmation].
 	I'm sorry for asking so many questions because there are so many things I don't understand.
 When there is more than one listener.
 	I don't know, but maybe others do, and I'll get in trouble if I interrupt them and waste their time.
 The phenomenon that listeners cannot "immediately ask questions about things they don't understand" often occurs for reasons such as the following
 	In that case, the speaker interprets the lack of a question as "the listener understands"
  So, continue to explain what you know, assuming you know what you're talking about.
  Then the listener becomes even more confused.

What should we do?
	I don't know.
	I found a very efficient knowledge exchange going on at a certain place, and when I wondered why it was so efficient here, I thought it must be because the participants generally have high self-esteem and ask questions without feeling ashamed of what they don't know.
  Cause of "high self-esteem, no shame in not understanding" "If properly explained, there is no way I would not understand, so the problem is that you are not explaining field-specific terms properly, and I will point out the problem, so you better explain it properly."
 It should be considered as a GIVEN constraint, since it is not something that can be raised by saying, "Make your self-esteem high."
 The speaker should not put the responsibility on one side, like "it's the listener's responsibility to ask questions.
 	Communication failure is a failure of both speaker and listener.
  The speaker should observe the facial expressions of the other party to see if they understand, and check from time to time to see if they are getting the message.
  	That's a good argument, but it's difficult. I will be careful.
 Should the person teaching ask questions?
 	I think I need some tips on how to ask questions.
  	What don't you understand?" Then, it seems to be no good.
   Why don't you understand?" is no good no matter what you think.
 	Concern that people with low self-esteem will eventually say, "I'm sorry I can't answer your questions.
 Assuming you know everything but the last step, can you explain the situation?
 In the meantime, can you explain anything?
 	In some cases, they explain at length where it does not seem necessary.

Or vice versa.
	Cases where the listener has high self-esteem but cannot admit that there is something he or she does not understand.
 When you hear the first "difficult explanation", you start to get angry without "asking questions about what you don't understand".
 	It's hard to explain," "They're deliberately trying to smoke you out by using difficult terms," "A smart person should be able to explain things in a way that you can understand."
 I'm not an esper, so I can't guess what "one individual thinks they don't understand".
 If there is a need for the explainer to "understand easily" because he/she is a customer or a supervisor, it may be difficult to manifest because the explainer bears the cost to solve the problem?

[Communication]
