Organizing Boxes
I want to [organize] a box that contains electronic components and other items.

	I took three Muji carry boxes small and thin with me to this camp.
 	I didn't have time to pick and choose what I needed.
  heavy
  
 One is tagged "electronics."
 	Not attached to the other two.
  Tag these first
  	Life hack to put white curing tape and write with oil-based marker

	take a quick look at
 	Creating a detailed index is expensive.
		First, get a rough idea of the current situation.

	1
 	partition
  	It was functioning at first, but as we moved things around, it was no longer being used effectively.
  Some parts in chuck bags, but not listed.
 2
 	nippers
  RasPi3
  USB-UART
  resistance
  	Honestly, I don't need to carry all this stuff around and it's heavy, so I'd like to do something about it.
  speaker
  breadboard
  Empty bags of parts
  	You don't need to carry this around.
 3
 	tester
  Ergodox
  Jumper cables, wires, pin headers
  	A companion to the breadboard."
   tweezers
  Various component sensors bought this time

next action
	In addition to this, there is one large box from a previous camp, and one box I don't know what to call it.
 The whole "cleaning up" [vague and large task] is [vague and large task].
 The best practice for tidying up is to "make one place tidy first".
 Clearly, move out strange items (such as Ergodox) that should not be included in the electronic construction.
 Obviously frequent (breadboard area)
 There's a separate "solder set" that I sometimes use at home (soldering iron provided) but not at the camp.
 Mainly carried at camps, so it can be divided into two categories based on "to take to camp or not to take to camp".

	Empty 1.
 	Obviously, put in what you need for the camp.
			tester
			nippers
   Jumper cables and wires
   	female and male missing persons
   Raspi, AC adapter, power cable
  Surprisingly, there is no place to put small parts.
  It's a little skimpy, so I'd like to put something in there to cushion it.
  Conversely, the skimmer we have now is an essential space to bring back what we have assembled on the breadboard without disassembling it.
 Electronic component stuff is roughly in 2.
 　There were five delimited boxes, but I left one empty.

next action
	Organize the contents of 2.
 	Organize" is an ambiguous goal.
  A mixture of what to take to camp and what not.
  	What to bring: Parts that may be reusable
   What not to take: Items that were bought but not used and kept (FET, etc.)
  Now that the visibility is poor, it should be easy to tell if the desired item is there or not.
		Clear what you don't need to take with you, but difficult to estimate if it's worth it

	take
 	LEDs, Darlington drivers, shift registers, phototransistors
  ZigBee
  Capacitor inductors
  Sensors, Switches, Variable Resistors
		Amplifiers, three-terminal regulators, step-up DC-DC, electric double-layer capacitors
  Motor, motor driver, relay touch board
  A/D、D/A
  Gotta have a bag (green)
	I'm not taking it.
 	electrical transistor
 	resistance
