Scrapbox might be a good idea.
Note down examples of "You should use Scrapbox for that.
(I'm generalizing because I don't want to be too specific.)
(He is concerned that he may have a disease that makes [everything look like a nail when he holds a hammer].)

	Alumni information record sharing website
 	What?
	  I'm compiling this information in terms of who is in sync with who, who worked on the project together, who was the supervisor, and so on.
  status quo
	  Currently, we have CSV-like raw data, which we convert with a script to create static HTML.
 	 If someone wants to add a particular graduate to the topic or something, there is no easy way to do so.
  Problems to be solved
  	High hurdles to information output and maintenance
   	[lowering the hurdle for information output].
   Not clear how to help
  solution
  	Slightly tweak a script that spits out static HTML and outputs it to Scrapbox
   Place Invite links on member sites
  point of concern
			To begin with, the project's objective is to "collect data in a form that is easy to handle mechanically
   	So they were collecting data in CSV-like form.
   Concern that once a wiki allows free editing in natural language, there is no going back.


	Documentary site for workgroup activities
 	What?
  	A website that summarizes past activities of the workgroup
   A website to enable interested parties to obtain more information.
  status quo
  	There is talk of "we need it," but no one has started to create it.
  Problems to be solved
  	[lowering the hurdle for information output].
  solution
  	Create a public Scrapbox project for now.
   Write minimal information
   	There are issues where it is not clear what the minimum is required.
  point of concern
  	It's possible that they'll just make a project and nothing will be written in the end.
   Someone has to write a certain amount first?

	Electronics Components List
 	Indexing Electronics Components
  Easy to grasp
  Where did I find that?" can be solved with a search.
  point of concern
  	High maintenance costs, not maintained, and discarded.