Paper or electronic task management
The author was originally an electronic person and his wife a paper person,

 It's a pain in the ass to transcribe.
  If the "task of the day" is written in the first place and the estimate is accurate, there is no need to transcribe it.
  Maybe you even write things on your task list that you won't do today.
  I think you are not estimating, and you are writing with a wishful thinking, "I hope this gets done today" about the amount of work that should not be done in a day.
  If transcription occurs repeatedly, it's an opportunity to realize that there's something wrong with that task.
  	The starting condition is unknown, or the next action is unknown.

 (words and phrases cannot be written on a) single sheet of paper
  That's fundamentally too many tasks.
  Can you perform a task today that is too large to be written on a single sheet of paper?

	It depends on whether the task list is "one-day tasks" or "longer-term tasks".
 	It is possible that electronic is better for long term listings, simply because of the sheer volume.
  But I can't argue with you when you say that writing a "list of the month" on a large piece of paper would be fine.
  The theory that it is not appropriate to make a long-term list without setting a deadline in the first place.
  Theory that long-term tasks should be tied to a calendar.

 When you're not in good shape, it makes it visible.
		But if you leave it where you can see it, you unconsciously ignore it.
  It might be possible to create a task management application that would detect what is going wrong.
 It's good to draw a strike-through on the tasks you've done to create a sense of accomplishment.
 	There are task management apps that try to replicate that kind of feel.
 Paper and pen should be on hand so that you can quickly jot down notes when there is an urgent interupt.
  If you can write it down quickly, you can do it on your phone, but how many seconds does it actually take you to write it down on your phone? Should be measured.