placebo
The term placebo (placebo, fake drug) has both negative and positive uses.

	Placebo effect = a phenomenon in which a person is prescribed something that has no pharmacological effect, but the feeling of taking the drug causes the effect to appear.
 Whether a certain drug X is effective or not? In the context of
 	When there is no significant difference between the effect seen in the person who took X and the effect seen in the person who took the placebo.
  Negative usage of "this is a placebo effect" in this context is "there is no special effect on X"
 In the context of behavioral economics.
 	In the control group and the group that drank the nutritional drink, the percentage of correct anagram questions was 9/15 for both groups.
  But if you write in the brochure, "This nutritional drink works well for quiz assignments," it goes up to 12.3/15.
  In other words, believing it works actually increases the percentage of correct answers.
  	Source [Unreasonable as expected http://amzn.to/2taIZqE]
  	Perhaps [self-esteem], [concentration], etc. will increase, and as a result, the percentage of correct answers will increase.
  Positive usage of "this is a placebo effect" in this context is "the actual effect of what you think works"

	That this context is discrepant.
 	Isn't that a placebo? (Isn't that ineffective?)"
  'Yeah, it's a placebo, okay? (It works, right?)"
 There is a difference of opinion that

	In the context of medicine, the act of selling ineffective drugs to a suffering sick person (even if the disease is cured by the placebo effect) is unethical.
 In the behavioral economic realm, "prescribing yourself a placebo" is not a good idea.
  Drinking coffee (many people believe that caffeine has an effect, but few have actually measured the effect)
  Set a timer for 25 minutes and say, "I'm going to concentrate for the next 25 minutes."
  Believe that writing people on your hands and drinking will cause tension avoidance.
 and others of the same kind, and there is no ethical problem.
	So, to increase your own productivity, you should prescribe harmless drugs to yourself believing that they are very effective drugs!
