long-term enhancement
More responsive to stimuli

	Long-term potentiation in hippocampal CA1 has been fundamental to the study of long-term potentiation in mammals. In particular, NMDA-type glutamate receptor-dependent long-term potentiation in CA1 of the adult hippocampus is the most widely studied long-term potentiation
 	Reasons for ease of experimentation

	Induction of early-term long-term potentiation occurs when the calcium concentration in the postsynaptic cell exceeds a threshold value [18].
 NMDA-type glutamate receptors are required for calcium concentration changes in many types of long-term potentiation
 	It's been tested on cells in the hippocampus.
 NMDA-type glutamate receptor-dependent long-term potentiation can be experimentally induced by several cycles of high-frequency stimulation of the connections between two neurons.
 synapse
 	depolarization
 	Excitatory postsynaptic potential EPSP
 At synapses showing NMDA-type glutamate receptor-dependent long-term potentiation, sufficient depolarization releases the NMDA-type glutamate receptor (NMDAR : NMDA receptor), and calcium influx into the cell occurs when glutamate binds to the receptor
 Calcium stimulation activates protein kinase.
 Increased activity occurs due to phosphorylation of AMPA-type glutamate receptors
 Insertion of AMPA-type glutamate receptors into the postsynaptic membrane occurs
 	This is a protein biosynthesis-independent
  	It is caused by AMPA-type glutamate stored in vesicles near the postsynaptic membrane.
		In short, "I'm just plugging the membrane with what I've already made, so there's no synthesis."

 Late Long-term Augmentation
		It requires gene transcription and protein biosynthesis in the postsynaptic cell. There are two stages in late long-term potentiation: one that depends on protein biosynthesis and one that depends on both gene transcription and protein biosynthesis. These stages are referred to as LTP2 and LTP3, respectively, and early long-term potentiation is sometimes referred to as LTP1.
	Extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK)
 	Protein kinase Mζ
  	The kinase is inactive for the first 30 minutes after induction of long-term potentiation and is required for the latter phase of long-term potentiation, maintenance of long-term potentiation.
			Losing the adjusting unit, so the switch is left on.
   Introducing a protein kinase Mζ inhibitor into the rat hippocampus causes retrograde amnesia without impairing short-term memory
 Increased biosynthesis of AMPA-type glutamate receptors
 Retrograde messenger biosynthesis
 	Late long-term potentiation is also associated with synaptotagmin biosynthesis in presynaptic cells and an increase in the number of synaptic vesicles, suggesting that late long-term potentiation induces protein biosynthesis in presynaptic cells as well as postsynaptic cells.
 Local protein biosynthesis
  In the 1980s, it was shown that protein biosynthesis occurs even in dendrites that are disconnected from the cell body
  Local protein biosynthesis of this kind is necessary for certain long-term potentiation
  Can explain input specificity
  The synaptic tagging hypothesis can also explain it, where there is disagreement.

	cAMP-dependent protein kinase (PKA)
 	When cAMP is concentrated, the regulatory subunit is dislodged and phosphorylated.
  Catalytic subunits move into the nucleus to activate various genes.
  

https://ja.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E9%95%B7%E6%9C%9F%E5%A2%97%E5%BC%B7
