SpeedReader
[Speed reading support software
Minimize the lag when turning pages in PDF

	Gamepad can be used.
 	Analog joystick to adjust page flip speed.
  However, there are very few situations that require speed adjustment in such fine increments.
  Connecting a gamepad is a hassle.
  	Maybe not if you're constantly connected to a permanent machine.
   Useful to be able to lie in bed with the monitor overhead and use the gamepad to control it when reading a book in bed

	Pre-conversion of books
 	The main reason for the heavy backlog is the heavy "pre-conversion of books".
 		If I put a book on S3, should it be automatically converted?
 	It just wasn't that necessary.
  	Useful for checking multiple books here and there when writing.
			I'm converting it all together with "I need this book and this book in this chapter."
 	The problem is that there was no language that told us what to do when we wanted to convert.
  Now put them in idea-generation/make_movie/input and convert them automatically.
  	Using pdfs_to_pngs.py
  	I really want to improve the quality by incorporating the experiments in pdf2png.
   If I can disregard the "conversion time", I'd like to be able to output PNGs and DirectX format at the same time.
   Maybe we should make a separate file for PNGs for enlargement and a separate file for listing.

	Why not show shortcut keys?
 	Z and C to zoom in and out
   forget
  ESC should bring up the settings screen and the key configuration screen that is common in games.
  	It would be best to be able to do key configurations as well, but it's better just to be able to see them.
 Shortcut keys that I thought might be nice to add
 	Show full size at 1
  Jump to a specific page?
  Set page feed to N pages.
 I want to change the left/right exchange and the number of pages to be sent out at a time without rewriting the configuration file.
 	It does not have to be a shortcut key, just a configuration dialog.
 Open by drag-drop to an icon, not drag-drop to a window.

 How to put out a GUI
 	https://github.com/Siv3D/Reference-JP/wiki/GUI
  http://qiita.com/Mitsugoro32/items/76d584b9fcdeb9be535d
 Display 3 pages when 3 pages can be displayed
 	So, do you prefer to turn three pages or one page (read by gazing at the center of the page)?
  Two-page display would be nice to have a two-page feed function
  Only one page feed when zoomed out display is slow.
 I'm currently switching LTRs by rewriting the configuration file, but should be able to do it in the GUI.

	I'd like to relegate all key binding changes to the INI.
 	https://github.com/Siv3D/Reference-JP/wiki/INI,CSV,JSON

	If the current directory is a multiple string, files can be listed even if they are not all in one place.

	I want to put permalinks on specific pages of a book.
 	[speedreader://bookname/pageid] and so on.


2017-07-11
done
	I need a way to open it other than drag-drop.
 	List of book-like items in the specified folder
  	If there is a "cover.png" in the folder, display it.

	Should there be a key to go up to a higher level in FS?
	 If there is a folder within a folder, it would be useful to have the ability to dig down one level and check if there is a cover image and load it, maybe a list of books, etc.
→Jump to the "Book List Directory" with the X key.

 If it fits, why not put out three pages at a time?
		→I decided to put everything out there as much as possible to display on the screen.


	LR Exchange
 	R key
 Disable automatic playback in book list mode
 Zoom out to some extent from the beginning in book list mode
  Display during loading
	fix Seems to be an out of bounds error in book list mode.
	Bring up the progress bar vertically

2017-07-05
done
 Do not exit with ESC
 	http://qiita.com/sin5ddd/items/71e6ea487b89b010c103
