Patents and Public Knowledge
It is well known that "an invention cannot be patented if it becomes publicly known," but surprisingly many people misunderstand the definition of "publicly known.

Q&A format
	Q: Let's start with the easy one: it's not public knowledge if I talk about it at a presentation that's under NDA, right?
 	A: [* Yes]
 Q: But if I make a presentation without an NDA attached, I can't get a patent because it's already public knowledge, right?
 	A: [* No].
  Example: If you announce "Converting A to B causes an effect called C" and do not talk about the contents
  	Although it is not possible to obtain a patent for "a thing that causes the effect C by converting A into B", it is possible to obtain a patent for "a thing that causes the effect C by converting A into B".
   If method D for converting A into B is not publicly known, then "converting A into B by method D causes effect C" could be patentable.
   	Requirement: Inventive "Method D is better than the known method of converting A to B."
			If it's a presentation of a product or result that's not a conference presentation, isn't it often the case that you don't talk about the details of what's inside?
	Q: I'm going to try to sell it in test marketing, and if it looks good after getting customer feedback, I'm going to patent it.
 	A: [* it can't be done].
  Anything that is sold openly becomes public knowledge. Terminology: Publicly Implemented
  Because the buyer can reverse engineer it.
  If you want to realize "give 10 pieces to a customer and ask for his/her opinion," you should not simply sell them, but make an NDA-like contract with the customer.
	Q: I can't get a patent because it's public knowledge because it's already been published.
 	A: [* Possibility of getting it in the vicinity].
		Example: Suppose there is a paper that says, "Converting A to B causes an effect called C." If you try to make it into a device that can actually be used by customers (e.g., the size of the device, the power supply, etc.), you may encounter some problems. If a non-obvious device was devised to solve the problem, it can be taken as a part of the device.

reference
	(Patent requirements)
		Article 29 A person who has made an invention that can be industrially exploited may obtain a patent for such invention, except for the following inventions
   (i) an invention publicly known in Japan or a foreign country prior to the filing of the patent application
   (ii) an invention that has been publicly worked in Japan or a foreign country prior to the filing of the patent application
   (iii) an invention described in a publication distributed in Japan or in a foreign country prior to the filing of the patent application or an invention made available to the public through an electric telecommunication line
  (2) Where a person having ordinary knowledge in the art to which the invention pertains could have easily made the invention based on the inventions listed in the items of the preceding paragraph prior to the filing of the patent application, notwithstanding the provisions of the said paragraph, the invention shall not be granted a patent.

 (Definition)
  Article 2 The term "invention" as used in this Act shall mean a high-level creation of a technical idea utilizing natural laws.
   2 In this Act, "patented invention" means an invention for which a patent has been granted.
   (3) The term "working" as used in this Act with respect to an invention means any of the following acts
    (i) Objects (including programs, etc.) The same shall apply hereinafter) (i) In the case of an invention of an object (including a Program, etc.; the same shall apply hereinafter), production, use, transfer, etc. (meaning transfer and loan, and including provision through telecommunication lines in the case where the object is a Program, etc.) of the object The same shall apply hereinafter). (2) The same shall apply hereinafter), export or import, or offer for transfer, etc. (including exhibition for the purpose of transfer, etc.; the same shall apply hereinafter). The same shall apply hereinafter). Act of transferring, etc. (including exhibition for the purpose of transferring, etc.; the same shall apply hereinafter)
    (ii) in the case of an invention of a method, the act of using the method
    (iii) in the case of an invention of a method of producing a thing, an act of using, assigning, etc., exporting or importing, or offering for assignment, etc., a thing produced by the method, in addition to what is listed in the preceding item