Niche Contingent Expansion Strategy
I'm recording this because various people's stories connected in my brain.

	First, aim for [niche top
 	[Niche] Top = narrow in scope, but #1 there.
  	This can be acquired by anyone with some ability through hard work.
   Specifically, you can narrow the scope by multiplying attributes #Multiply Niche Top Strategy
   	Example
    	Ability to design and prototype your own IoT devices x Master of Business Administration
     Can create their own programs x Physicians
     [Parable of the bridge]
    The most knowledgeable person in the company is also a type of this.
    	I am an employee of this company x I know a lot about ○○.
 Harvesting from a niche top position
 	Profit from being at the top, business-wise.
  Being at the top makes it easier to gather information.
  Aim for sustainable harvesting conditions.
  	Paul Graham's concept of Ramen Profitable
	   [Raion's Lair : Paul Graham "Making Money for Ramen Noodles" - livedoor Blog (blog) http://blog.livedoor.jp/lionfan/archives/52682058.html]
 Reinvesting the harvest to increase niche tops.
 	Can be expanded to adjacent areas
  Or you can try your hand at something completely different.
  Stable revenue base allows us to take on challenges with more time to spare.
  	[Without constant production, there is no constant heart.]
 Rapid market expansion due to unpredictable market changes
	 For example.
  	Or finding new uses for the tools you've been making.
   I've heard that the materials used have dropped in price significantly, which has led to a decrease in overall prices and an increase in users.
   Complementary goods are launched, and the combination increases customer value.
		This is luck, and it's hard to aim for or predict.
  If you are lucky enough to have this happen in an area where you occupy the top niche, you will earn a large profit.
		Drucker's first "unexpected success" in his "Seven Opportunities for Innovation" is equivalent to this.

[2017]-07-05
	I think the trigger was Mr. Kuchii's presentation at the Unexplored Boost Conference on 6/30.
