Inventions contributed by students
When a college student comes up with some new idea while in college, does the [intellectual property] rights to it belong to the student or to the university or the laboratory?
Some teachers think that "things made by students belonging to a laboratory naturally belong to the laboratory," and some students think "that's the way it is because the teacher says so," so I will explain that this is not the case.


Short explanation for students
	Unless there is an express agreement to transfer rights [* Rights to inventions contributed by the student belong to the student].
	In nine out of ten cases, the "I don't know" situation is a situation in which no rights transfer has taken place.
		However, it is possible that "you signed an employment contract without reading it carefully, and the contract included a statement about the transfer of rights," so you need to check.

-----
Document 1:.
The following reference material was published by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology in 2005: [Regarding the concept of handling inventions contributed by students, etc. http://www.mext.go.jp/a_menu/koutou/sangaku/05032901/006.htm]

explanation
 [* Rights to inventions made by the student belong to the student].
	However, for the university, especially for joint inventions between faculty and students and inventions using university facilities, the university would like to centrally manage and utilize
 	It's just "this is what I wish the university was like", not something legally binding.
	To achieve this, how can we transfer the rights that belong to the students to the University?
 	Case A: When there is an employment relationship between the student and the university in the form of RA, etc.
			Can be treated as an employee invention (Article 35 of the Patent Law)
   	The university must pay reasonable compensation (Article 35(3))
    Limited to inventions that are part of the student's job duties.
    	It doesn't work to say, "Everything you create while you're in the lab belongs to the lab."
  Case B: No employment relationship between the university and the student
  	A possible way for the university to take over the patent rights belonging to the student would be a rights transfer agreement between the student and the university.
   When entering into a contract for the transfer of rights to a university, the following should be kept in mind
   	Method of determining the amount of compensation to students, etc.
    Treatment of students and others starting their own ventures


-----
supplement
Reference 1 is a discussion held in 2002 and published in March 2005, from which Article 35 (Employee Invention) of the Patent Law has been revised to the present. Explanation: [Overview of the Employee Invention System | Japan Patent Office, Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry http://www.jpo.go.jp/seido/shokumu/shokumu.htm]
In this topic, the content of "Case A: Cases with an employment contract" will change slightly.
	"Reasonable compensation" → "reasonable benefits" You can now choose to be treated with something other than money.
 If there is an agreement in advance to the effect that "the company shall acquire the right to obtain a patent for an employee invention at the time the invention is completed," the right to the invention belongs to the employer from the beginning.
 	[JPO Opinion PDF http://www.jpo.go.jp/seido/shokumu/pdf/shokumu/02.pdf]
		The reason for this is to avoid cases like this: If an employee sells the right to a patent for an employee invention to a third party, and the third party files a patent application, under the existing law, this patent belongs to the third party and the employer has no means to recover it. Even if the employee breaks his promise to the employer after the transfer to the third party, it is none of the employer's business. On the other hand, under the revised law, the right to obtain a patent belongs to the employer from the beginning, so even if the employee sells it to a third party and the third party files an application, it is an open application, and the employer can demand transfer even after the patent is granted.


Q&A
	What if the teacher also contributed to the invention?
 	It would be a joint invention, so neither you nor the doctor can exercise the right alone.
  	For example, if a university files a patent application without permission, it violates Article 38 of the Patent Law (joint application).
  It would be a waste to be in a situation where you cannot exercise your rights, so you would tell the university or teacher how you personally want to be treated, discuss and agree, and leave the agreement in the form of a contract.


-----
Document 1 Original
	Report of the Working Group on Intellectual Property
(Excerpted from "Intellectual Property Working Group, Committee for the Promotion of Industry-Academia-Government Collaboration, Technology and Research Infrastructure Division, Council for Science, Technology and Science, November 1, 2002)

(4) Concepts regarding the handling of inventions contributed by students, etc.

　University students, graduate students and post-doctoral fellows (hereinafter referred to as "students, etc.") In that case, Article 35 of the Patent Law does not apply, and inventions made by students, etc. are considered to belong to the students.
　However, education and research are inseparable at universities. Education is developed on the basis of research results, and research is conducted in close association with teaching and research guidance for students and others.
  Therefore, it is expected that the number of cases in which students, etc., especially graduate students and post-doctoral fellows who conduct more advanced research, will be substantially involved in inventions resulting from research at universities will increase in the future.
  It is desirable for each university to centrally manage and utilize, in accordance with its own policy, patent rights for inventions made by students, etc. that are closely related to the education and research conducted by their academic advisors and that are considered to be joint inventions between faculty members and students, etc., as well as inventions made using university facilities.
　The treatment of a case in which a university succeeds to patent rights, etc. related to an invention in which a student, etc. was involved depends on whether the student, etc. who is the inventor has an employment relationship with the university as a Research Assistant, etc. or for participation in a research project.
  If the student is employed by the university, the student's contribution to the invention can also be treated as an employee invention based on the university's invention rules, etc.
  On the other hand, for students, etc. who have no employment relationship with the university, the treatment as an employee invention under Article 35 of the Patent Law does not apply, and their relationship with the university depends on the contents of their enrollment contract.
  In this case, the student's contribution to the invention may also be subject to a transfer agreement between the student, etc. and the university, whereby the student is required to notify the university of his/her contribution through invention regulations, etc., and the university succeeds to the patent rights, etc. related to this contribution.
  When concluding a contract for the transfer of rights to a university, it is necessary to pay attention to the method of determining the amount of consideration to be paid to students, etc. and the treatment of students, etc. when they start their own ventures.
