SPRINT Fastest Work Method
[https://gyazo.com/d8b017c28d8fc77b21818a78a38e893f]

 SPRINT The Fastest Way to Work--The Most Rational Way to Get Every Job Done #Weird Japanese title
 original title
 	How to Solve Big Problem and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days
 	How to solve big problems and test new ideas in just 5 days
	[Amazon https://amzn.to/2O5C7Fg]

 [Kinta Nakayama] "A Framework for Decision-Making, Execution, and Evaluation, which is Missing in [Lean Startups]" #Decision-making Frameworks

	Lean's MVP (minimum verifiable product) concept was unclear as to "how big is smallest," and there was a problem that if the risk tolerance of the person making the decision to release the product was low, the product could become sneaky and large.
 The method described in this book, simply put, is "6 hours x 5 days, 30 hours [time box]" to validate the MVP.
  Prevent unlimited growth by limiting time resources.
  The program starts at 10:00 and ends at 17:00, with a one-hour lunch in between, and breaks in between for the first three hours and the second three hours, respectively.
  P72 More prolonged sprints were also experimented with but were not effective
   Distractions due to intervening weekends
   Taking the time to do this makes you more attached to your ideas and makes it harder to learn from your customers.
 In addition, by limiting the number of man-hours consumed before determining the success or failure of a project to "7 people x 5 days," it becomes easier to negotiate to invest that in experimentation.
  It is difficult to approve a project that may suck up unlimited resources, but it is easier to GO if the criteria for suspension are clear.
  [real options https://mba.globis.ac.jp/about_mba/glossary/detail-12031.html] concept
 P59 Example of an industrial pump; it is not even possible to build a product prototype in five days.
  Think about what can be done in 5 days by reversing the process.
  We can measure customer response with brochures, experiment with just the nozzle part with a 3D printer, and so on.
 P76 Importance of enough whiteboards, human short-term memory is not very good, so turn to spatial memory
  IDEO CEO Tim Brown, in "Design Thinking is Changing the World," says that having a list of project documents allows for quick pattern spotting and encourages creative [synthesis].
  Two movable whiteboards can be used for partitions.
　P156 Tuesday's Sketch = turning abstract ideas into concrete solutions
 Brainstorming 1958 Yale University The Harms of Group Brainstorming
 

	0: Preparation
 	Identifying Challenges
  Decide on "Oceans 7."
  	Metaphor from the movie "Ocean's Eleven": build a team of no more than seven people, including the decision makers among them.
  Set aside time and space
	1: Firm up your goals
  Start at the end
  Make a map
  Let's hear it from the experts.
  Determine the target
 2: Dissipate your thoughts
 	Dedicated to recombination and improvement
  Sketching.
 3: Decide on the best
 	Determine.
  Go head-to-head in a slugfest
  Establish the story
 4: Creating illusions
 	Fake it.
  Create a prototype
 5: Testing
 	know the reality
  Interview.
  Learning
