slide KJ method
[Slide KJ method (physics)
 I would like to replay slides from past lectures [KJ method].
 It is possible to print and cut at 25up.
 But now that I have a 4K monitor, I want to try digitizing again.

	A program to convert each page of a PDF into an image is available at idea-generation/from_pdf
 The part about reading it in Siv3D and arranging it on the screen is done in SpeedReader.

	Images in folders can be loaded.
 	I can read multiple folders, because sometimes I want to put together multiple slides.
 The loaded images can be listed.
 The displayed image can be moved by dragging.
 The location of the move is recorded.

	Stickies placed spatially close to each other can be selected and bundled.
 	What to do with the cover when bundled
  	Select from selected images
   Enter by text
   On the spot drawing

	Stickies should be able to be added by entering text at any time and at any point
 	I would like to draw in the image if possible.
  It would be nice to be able to add files from other sources.
  Need a place to put save files and those new image files
  Is it sufficient to create a folder in "Create New Project"?

	paint (draw) a picture
 	Even if you can't draw with this software itself, you can write on a piece of paper or whiteboard and take a picture of it and import it immediately.

	Should it be one infinitely wide sheet of paper or several sheets of paper of finite size?
 	Finite, and it is cumbersome for the edges to be a constraint on placement, infinite is fine.
  However, I think "one sheet of paper" is also a constraint, so it would be nice if there were an infinite number of sheets of paper
	The first screen when you open a project should be organized
 	So there should be a separate screen for the initial placement of imported images.
		Page 0" exists first, where the imported images are automatically placed, not caring about placement.
  We would like to record the "location and range of pages currently displayed" as we do not want to fix in advance which pages are to be organized.


	There should be a presentation mode.
  Users can use this tool to make presentations
   What makes you happy when you can do it?
   I can give you a demo.
  What is Presentation Mode?
   Zoomed-in viewpoints on one slide" and "front/rear viewpoints."

	Slides should be able to be duplicated