Proposed service to send technical books to elementary and middle school students
 I want a service that gives technical books to elementary and middle school students who have technical skills but no money to buy technical books.
 Giving money to that age group is not good, but neither is reading weird books because you can't afford technical books and the library happens to have them.

 Q: Isn't identification and resale prevention necessary to prevent abuse?
  A: I don't want to have elementary and middle school students enter their names and addresses into my service. That's where Amazon Wish List comes in.

 Ask Amazon to make a wish list.
 Middle school students can write blog posts about their creations or write reviews of the books they receive.
 You can post that link to this service.
 Writing good articles increases the reputation of adults.
 As the reputation grows, it becomes easier to get noticed and more books are sent out.
 It is fine to resell the book after reading it, and if you resell it without reading it, you will lose your reputation because you cannot write a proper review of the book.
 Not limited to books (I want a Raspberry Pi, for example).

	How could this system possibly know that I "received a book on my Amazon Wish List but didn't write a book review?"
 Can the sender of a wish list enter evidence into the system that he/she has sent it?
		[https://gyazo.com/63b0f7826ad23ef7155c5af36030f7f7]
		It would be easy enough to have the information entered into the system by pressing the bookmarklet on this confirmation screen, but it would be easy to fake if there was malicious intent.

	You can "Include a free personalized gift message."
		You can hang warm words and messages of support on them.

	Similar cases
  [We received a punch bag from the wish list | National Center for Child Health and Development http://www.ncchd.go.jp/donation/use/wishlist-2.html]

	Eliminating the "via Amazon Wish List" restriction would cover the following cases, but it would not open the possibility that the addresses of elementary and junior high school students would be known to unspecified people.
		I can get an author discount on books I'm the author of, so just let me know and I'll send it to you."
 	I'll give you books I have at home but don't need anymore."

	Q: Isn't output difficult for elementary and middle school students?
 	A: It's not difficult, as long as they can do it at their own level, and I don't think it's necessary to provide assistance to those who can't even do that.

https://twitter.com/jbking/status/1521568601379016704?s=21&t=vYQsuT59EJeXuUGVgORDww
