Big Pharma
	Drug Maker Management Game
 Profit from making drugs from raw materials and selling them.
 Investing the revenue will allow for more floor space and room for new equipment.
 Investing earnings allows us to discover new raw materials and reduce the purchase price of those materials.
 Investing earnings to invent new equipment and lower operating costs
 Consuming time and raw materials (i.e., money) to perform the analysis provides information to increase the selling price of the drug.
	I think the puzzle of how to arrange the equipment in the limited floor space and how to pull the conveyor belt seems to take up most of the time.
 A [cookie clicker]-like [expanded reproduction] game, since it is clear in the game what would be an improvement.
 The game is set up so that the goal must be achieved within a certain number of years of in-game time, so there is an element of a management resource allocation game, asking "What is the best choice among the possible investments?
 This game could work as a [positioning] game if you design a multi-player game where "the market buys the cheapest drug that can serve its purpose" or something like that.
 In a high-difficulty game, competitors can emerge, and the price of resources can skyrocket, the market can be saturated, and patents can be obtained. However, by making the puzzle of "placing equipment on a conveyor belt" the core of the game, the cost of switching lines (in terms of human workload as well as in-game currency) is high, and the strategy of switching as the environment changes is not effective.
  That may be correct, since real factory lines would also have high switching costs.
 After the midpoint of Advanced, the competition will take the patent, but it is almost pointless because it can be avoided by simply changing the packaging (from capsule to cream, etc.).
 More raw materials and a wider range of patent claims would increase the sense of positioning. If you increase the level of "industrial espionage" research, you can see what your competitors are researching, and you can play avoid it.
 The company cleared the Advanced level. The sales size was 1/3 or 1/4 of the competitor's, but the Operatiing Margin was 55%, which was a highly profitable structure. After looking at the results carefully, we found that the condition for winning was to reach a certain level of sales, so it would have been more efficient to aim for a thin profit margin structure.
	We cleared the Advanced level with the Expert class. In the first year, a computer came to us with a patent injunction against our main product, and we thought, "Don't do it," but it was pointless because we could get around it by simply changing the packaging to cream.

from [complex puzzle].
	Strictly limited land area, fixed input/output ports, different input/output locations for each processing machine (and fixed, 4-way rotation only)
 Let them make what they want under those conditions.
 Non-obvious technical constraint lines occur
 Technology constraint lines fluctuate with ingenuity, inspiration, and the release of new components.
 Perfect for creating non-trivial technology constraint lines


	If you want to make the game for educational purposes.
 	Discard puzzle pieces
  Increased interaction with competitors

#Management Games
from [/villagepump/Big Pharma]
[https://gyazo.com/3ee1d8178a89625d50469c7596cc9ba0]
https://store.steampowered.com/app/344850/Big_Pharma/

Pharmaceutical manufacturing wrestling automation game. Factorio] of medicine.