Examples of noticing blind spots from others' perspectives
A case study of noticing [blind spots] in [others' perspectives] #others #perspectives #others' perspectives #others

----- case study (Mr. Nakayama)

 At some stage T1 of the project, a decision was made that a certain policy X was no good. This decision was appropriate under the circumstances at the time.
 Later, when the project was considered for a policy change, Policy X was not a candidate.
 I was talking to someone else and asked, "Why not Policy X?" I realized that I had not been a candidate when they asked me.
 Upon review, environmental conditions have changed between T1 and now, and policy X is now the appropriate solution.

Because of the memory/experience of "we considered Policy X in the past and decided it was a bad idea," we subconsciously ignore Policy X. Experience creates blind spots. I realized that I was blind to Policy X from the perspective of someone who did not have the experience of judging it to be no good.

At T1, the conclusion should have been "Policy X is no good because of condition A", but before long the human brain forgets "because of condition A" and rewrites it to "Policy X is no good".

----- case study
	Look up technical information on the Internet.
 Find the same question on a question answer site. It has a high rating for the answer.
 I thought this was correct and implemented it, but it doesn't work.
 When I asked someone in the know, he pointed out that the information was out of date. (Specifically, Android 4 series code does not work on Android 5, APIs starting with NS are obsoleted, etc.)
 The idea is that the article was correct at the time it was written, the social reputation is positive (because attention is focused on the article immediately after it is written), but if you reach the article through search after some time has passed, the assumptions have changed and it is no longer correct.

----- case study
---Premise Submission
Questions raised during the Q&A session at Tokyo Metropolitan University
 Q: Can you give me an example of a communication with another person where you noticed a blind spot that led to a solution to a problem?

I struggled with this question for a while but couldn't think of anything appropriate at all. I thought about what the reason might be.
 The first assumption is that "I didn't come up with a solution" to a problem that is "difficult enough that I can't come up with a solution quickly enough".
 I would have taken the time to explain the issue beforehand, provided that others understood it and advised me on it.
 Advice was given from a different perspective than mine, but it is difficult for me to explain the context in which it came from because it is a different perspective than mine.

The problem is difficult to explain & it takes time to explain the problem & I have difficulty explaining my advice, it is difficult to give a quick example of this type of event in a question and answer session.

Examples of "I see" on a scale that is easy to talk about.
	When I saw a solution to the problem of getting scammed when traveling abroad, instead of fighting the scammers on the spot, pay with a credit card and contact the credit card company to stop the debit, I thought, "I see.
 This is not the solution to my problem, I guess.
 Because it is not a solution to my problem, it does not require the cost of explaining the problem, and as a result, it can be explained in a handy size.

Reaction of a friend (Nakayama Tokoroten) to ----- story 1
 T: What's the difference between a solution I'm not aware of and a blind spot?
	N: I don't distinguish between the two.
 N: In terms of sets, blind spots are a larger set because they include "issues that need to be resolved that I am not aware of.
 T: If that's the case, shouldn't we focus on a subset of "issues I'm not aware of" cases? We are expanding the concept too much and it's starting to poof out.
	N: I see!

explanation
 Until the question was asked, I had been using the term "blind spot" and "issue to be solved that I am not aware of" without making a clear distinction between the two.
 And they were unaware that they were "using it without clear distinction".
 When asked the question, he first answers, "I don't distinguish between the two. However, after a little time, he began to think, "I said I didn't distinguish, but is it equal?" and then he answered, "If it is a set, then....
 When you find that what you thought was equal as a set is not equal, but is an encompassing relationship, there is something there that you have overlooked.
 [https://gyazo.com/b9ec5ab820057c5b8404704a145177d8]
 [A set that was assumed to be equal].
