I do detailed tasks.
[https://gyazo.com/acb067026e0235ae5929c3864f277a25]
https://twitter.com/kaityo256/status/907194697411575813

Response to this
	I hate thinking about what needs to be done.
 Seeking an escape to a finer task.
 Judgments and decisions come with responsibility, so you try to escape from responsibility and get away from the situation.
 A method of dividing tasks by urgency and importance is useful.
 Knowing the importance and urgency but not being able to carry it out
	When confronted with a task that is so large that you don't know when it will be accomplished, you seek a sense of accomplishment that you are certain you will get.
	self-handicapping
 Unconsciously and intentionally making mistakes to soften the damage when they hurt you.
 The advantage is as described above, but the disadvantage is that it makes them less ambitious and challenging.
 Publicly say "I can do it," don't be ashamed of failure, don't make excuses, and prepare reasons for success.
 Reasons for not wanting to do Task A are usually that it involves other people, such as rooting around.
	Worse, the priorities of the tasks that have accumulated are lost, and you have to do the ones that seem easy to understand first.
 When self-efficacy is low, people do not feel capable of doing things, and they escape by doing the easy things that are right in front of them.
	There's a pattern that if you do it from B, they get on it, and then they get on A and clean up the mess.
 If you're taking care of the low-priority, easy tasks, you can get carried away and get both A and B done.
 It can even morph into a task where you don't have to do either A or B the next day.
 One way to do this is to create an environment where you can focus on what needs to be done by getting the details out of the way first.
 I've also heard that the finer the work, the less you accumulate.
 First of all, can you decide "what not to do" at work?
 	It stands for strategy. Mistakes in strategy cannot be covered by tactics.
 When I start doing something else while thinking I have to do it. Recently, I have found that I am able to perform Task A once I have a 15-minute change of pace, so I recommend taking a light break. I recommend taking a light break, but only lightly.
 Bosses who interfere and try to prioritize work that doesn't need to be done now, when they themselves have prioritized it.
 	I'm doing this right now, and you'd rather I do that? By saying no, you can confirm the priority and share the responsibility. And while you're at it, let them know how long it will take you to complete the task.
 From a drilling perspective, this is a case where, assuming a problem is unsolvable, the student is stuck on that problem. Without solving that problem, they solve other problems one after another. Then, when the second week comes around, the problem that should have been unsolvable is solved.
 If I did something I didn't want to do first, they treated me like a don't-don't-treat me like a don't-don't-treat me.
 Once you start doing it, it seems to take a long time until it's over -> it's a hassle
	Acquisitive Self-Handicapping
	Prioritize the one you want to do even when you have priorities → Forget about priorities and get absorbed in the work you have just started → Progress is made where you forgot, and you are panicked, but you are already confused, so you can't even get the highest-priority work done properly
	When free space becomes insufficient, task A becomes unprocessable regardless of priority, and processing is performed from task B that can be processed to increase free space
 This form is the locally optimal solution. It is the process of reducing an exponentially huge task list to a size that will fit in working memory.
 This tweet reminded me that many people are unaware of the obvious: the ability to "concentrate," an ability that is mistakenly given to all people equally, is so different from person to person that there is a difference between those who can concentrate enough to complete a task and those who cannot.
 Smart people finish minor tasks on the side while moving forward with reimportant ones, so the order of processing is equal in the first place. Or they make good use of those who have free hands, so the work doesn't pile up. The ability to use others is also important.
 I feel that if I don't kill the small tasks first, it could affect other high priority or important things.
  For example: A person cannot wait to call you and interrupt your important work, even though it is not a high priority and can be finished with a single phone call.

	Positive Opinion
  Not only are they taking the easy way out, they're cleaning up the small fish and simplifying the situation first.
  Reduce and organize quantity first, rather than weight.
  Repeat the success experience by taking care of the easy things one after another, and motivate yourself to take on bigger tasks.
  Reduce the total number of tasks you have

Contributor's Supplement
 By the way, what I wanted you to sympathize with was the handling of Task B. There is no dependency between Tasks A and B. If you decide not to do Task A now, you should do Task B, but for some reason you can't do that either, so you run away to smaller tasks. This may be an example of how humans tend to act irrationally when tasks are piled up. ([src https://twitter.com/kaityo256/status/909269606052667392])