Management Failure
from [proposed innovation game].
Listing examples of failures in the context of the idea that it would be good to experience [failure] through games.

	I want them to experience that seeking certainty can only make things worse.
 	[The Differentiation Trap]
	I drew a positioning map, and when I hit it because it was a void, it was a void because there was no demand for it.
 On the other hand, what we have created is a red ocean.
 	As a result of deciding what to build based on what could be done, the project looked like a blue ocean at the start of the project, but many people were working on similar things in parallel, and by the time it was completed, it was a red ocean.
 We put a lot of resources into product development, but there was no demand.
 Conversely, failure to seek results in R&D
 	Seek volume of papers/patents -> optimized for inappropriate KPIs
  If you set rules, they will poke holes in the rules (e.g., rewarding patents will lead to mass production of patents that are not beneficial to business).
 On the other hand, employees waste time on things that are not important to management when the scale is not clear.
  Difficult to discern if "unimportant" or not
 Investing in knowledge acquisition after the need for knowledge is clear is not enough in time.
 If you are not investing in knowledge, you will not realize that the environment has changed (new knowledge to be invested in)
	Knowledge is only stored in certain employees and is lost when they change jobs.
	Failure to build a value chain to convert newly generated knowledge into revenue
  The rules made in the previous field are still in place, even though the constraints have changed due to changes in the field.
 Self-lock-in, Galapagosized, with too many assets dependent on their own libraries to switch libraries
 	However, as soon as it becomes possible to achieve performance satisfactory to customers using widely available public libraries without using the company's own libraries due to advances in peripheral technologies, the company loses competitiveness due to lower procurement costs for engineers and other factors.
