Placebo Utilization Club
[Placebos] improve cognitive abilities, but if you make them yourself, it's not good because you know too much about your hand, so why don't we have a club where we exchange placebos with each other?

	rule
 	Do not include ingredients that are harmful to the human body
  Do not include any illegal ingredients.
  Decide on a cue for the start of the role play. For example, "Just between you and me..."
  During role-playing, affirm the other person's story. Even if you do not agree with the story, do not reject the story created by others, because you just do not have to drink yourself.
  Selling them could violate the Pharmaceutical Affairs Law, so they are basically bartered.

 This kind of role-playing would be good:.
  Between you and me, I've got something a little better."
  "Oh, what is it?"
  It looks like just another vitamin, right? But it contains strong antioxidants that reduce free radicals in the brain and improve cognitive function.
  "Great. How much do I owe you?"
  How about a special 10,000 credit?"
  How about this instead? How about this instead?" Look at these ominous black grains. When taken on an empty stomach, special alkaloids are absorbed through the stomach wall, cross the brain barrier, and antagonize adenosine receptors, thereby improving cognitive function.
  "Great, that one comes in a 30-grain package? How about three grains of this for one bag of that?
  Oh, great.

Twitter Log
 I already know from experiments that puzzle scores are the same for those who drink nutritional drinks as for those who don't, but they drop when you drink a drink with a discount price tag and go up when you drink a drink that says it helps with puzzles, and I can read the ingredient list on the back of the drinks. ...
 Or make a device that sends out mysterious vibrations when you put in a commercial drink to make it the ultimate drink, or make your own blend of the most powerful drink, or make a cool product label that sings about the wonderful effects and put it on a commercial product...
 On the other hand, it has been shown that the drink alone is not effective, so you should attach an instruction manual stating that the drink is very effective, but selling the drink with the instruction manual would violate the Pharmaceutical Affairs Law, so just sell the instruction manual. Selling the drink with that would violate the Pharmaceutical Affairs Law, so just sell the instruction manual.
 I think it would be good if we had a circle where we could make placebos and exchange them with each other, because making placebos by ourselves is not so good because it's too obvious.
 However, if that club is not staffed with people who are very trustworthy, someone might say, "It's a drug that helps me concentrate!" and put methamphetamine in the club. It is dangerous.
 It seems to me that the definition of pharmaceuticals is surprisingly broad, and even flour is considered to be a drug when it is intended to affect a person's function when it "makes them smarter" http://law.e-gov.go.jp/htmldata/S35/S35HO145.html
 But since it's "not to be manufactured as a business," it's legal to make them as a hobby and trade them with your buddies.

First published 2017-09-21 https://twitter.com/nishio/status/910818097216417794