What will govern tomorrow
[https://gyazo.com/6df6fe63ed4320fea17f11034866cae8]
	Controlling Tomorrow: The Management Revolution of the 21st Century
 	Original title Management Challenges for the 21st Century
 	Management Challenges for the 21st Century
	[Drucker].
	[Amazon http://amzn.to/2k5mOBP]


	I advocated [parallel careers].

	If you understand [the bureaucracy] in Japan."

>Organizations are no longer established by force, but by trust. [It is established by trust. p224

	To Our Readers in Japan
	Introduction--Action for Tomorrow
	Chapter 1: Management Common Sense Changes--Paradigm Shift
  1First Mistake--Management is for companies.
 　2 Second mistake--there is only one correct structure for an organization.
 　[The "end of the hierarchy" is nonsense.]
 　3 Third Mistake--There is only one right way to manage people.
 　[Knowledge workers are motivated by the same motivations that motivate volunteers].
 　4 Fourth Mistake--Technology and Needs are a Set
 　>The technologies that will have the greatest impact on our own industries and companies are outside our own world.
 　	p.27
 　The story of how AT&T's Bell Labs invented the transistor but opened it up cheaply because there was not much need for it in their company.
 　Knowledge generated by in-house laboratories is no longer used only by those companies.
 　>The fundamental resource today is information. Unlike other resources, however, information is not subject to the principle of scarcity.
   > Conversely, it follows the principle of plenitude. If you sell a book, the book will disappear from your possession. Information, on the other hand, remains after sale. In fact, the more people have it, the more valuable it becomes.
   p.31
   >No good or service can be used in only one way, and conversely, no use can be tied to any good or service.
   p.31
   >Management can no longer be based on technology and its applications. They are merely constraints. Management should be based on the value to the customer and the customer's decision about spending allocations. Management strategy must start from here. p.33
 　5 Fifth Mistake--The Scope of Management is Legally Defined
 　6 Sixth Mistake--Management is constrained by national borders.
 　7 Seventh Mistake--Management's World is Inside the Organization
	Chapter 2: The Changing Assumptions of Business Strategy--Realities of the 21st Century
　　1Fertility Decline in Developed Countries
　　2Changes in Expenditure Allocation
　　3Corporate Governance Transformation
　　4Increasing global competition
　　5Disconnect from Political Logic
	Chapter 3: Who will change tomorrow--Change Leaders
　　1[Conditions for Change Leaders]--Structure and Methodology
　　2Three taboos for change leaders
　　3Procedures and Budgets for Change Leaders
　　4Continuity and Harmony
　　5Creating the Future
	Chapter 4: Information Changes Work--The New Information Revolution
　　1From Technology (T) to Information (I)
　　2Information needed by the organization
　　3Information needed for the job
 Chapter 5: Productivity of Knowledge Labor Changes a Nation--Conditions for a Developed Nation
　　1Productivity of manual labor that produced developed countries
　　2Productivity of knowledge labor to determine the fate of developed countries
　　3Technologists are key
　　4Knowledge work as part of a system
　　5Knowledge Worker-Organizational Relationships
 Chapter 6: Managing Ourselves -- How to Live Tomorrow
　　1What are our strengths?
　　keep two places at once
　　3Contributions to be made
　　4Responsibilities involved in the relationship
　　5Second Life
	Appendix: Understanding the Japanese Bureaucracy
　　my different opinion
　　Is descent unique to Japan?
　　stubbornness of the leadership
　　Successful postponement strategy
　　Social contract in danger of collapse
　　The problem is not economic.