Young people who are active learners
[https://twitter.com/kensuu/status/919184741898657792 kensuu]
 >The level of the teens and twentysomethings I meet these days is incredibly high, but as I said, the generation that has been around since the birth of the Internet has been driving on the highway of knowledge, so their level rises quickly. In many cases, they say that new graduates are "totally superior to the poor mid-career workers". I wonder if the 30-40 year olds are going to lose their jobs to the younger generation...
[nishio https://twitter.com/nishio/status/919498732533530624]
 The distance that young people actively learning advance in their youth is greater than in the past because of the lower cost of information, and middle-aged people who see this feel that today's youth are great, but this is an observation bias, and the percentage of young people actively learning has not changed much.
 Perhaps by the time they are adults there will be a huge gap between those who have been on the fast track and those who haven't. I think that will finally change when they see that and understand that their lives are threatened by not learning.
  I imagine that those who are active learners are learning out of a desire for self-actualization, while those who are not may not change their behavior unless their survival is threatened.
  Well, there is a possibility that active learning will expand before that, with the "effect of seeing a slightly more senior person being chilled out and wanting to be like him or her.
 After that, there will definitely be middle-aged people who will try to crush young people who have been on the fast track out of jealousy, so we need to think about what we need to do to prevent such middle-aged people from crushing young people.
 On the other hand, there are cases where young people who have been showered with praise overestimate themselves and destroy themselves, but what should we do about that? I wonder if we should let go of the idea that it is inevitable that people who lack self-criticism destroy themselves on their own as a social cost to energize society.