Destroying the Prisoner's Dilemma by placing an observer
It is very efficient when all players who aim for the overall optimization gather together, but when players who do not aim for the overall optimization come, players who aim for the overall optimization are exploited unilaterally. However, suspecting that the other player is not aiming for the global optimum creates a prisoner's dilemma. With regard to how to solve this problem, we have shown that introducing an observer can solve this problem.

 I'll give you a more concrete example.
  Consider the case where Mr. X and Mr. Y met by chance at a cross-industry meeting with a large number of people, or through a mutual friend Z.
   In the former case, if Mr. X does something rude to Mr. Y and Mr. Y gets angry, Mr. X can just run away.
   In the latter case, if Mr. Y gets angry, that information will be conveyed to Mr. Z.
    Mr. Z complains to Mr. X, "I think you should do something like that a little bit.
    If Mr. Z determines that Ms. X is behaving dishonestly, Mr. Z will not refer Ms. X to others in the future.
    If there is evidence of malice such that it is not a mere mistake, Mr. Z will spread the information to other communities to which he belongs that "Mr. X did this and you should be careful," in an attempt to prevent Mr. X from doing something bad.
    These actions serve as a deterrent to Mr. X's treacherous behavior.
		About "getting a job based on a recommendation from a lab teacher"
  	Students are at a bargaining disadvantage
    Using a one-time use card called "new graduate," with scant information and a time limit.
			If it's a one-on-one relationship, then the corporate side can act [self-serving].
    For example, after turning down an offer from another company, they sign a contract with a lower treatment than originally explained.
   The introduction of the "lab professor" as an observer here will lead to [mutually beneficial] behavior on the part of the company, saying that if the relationship with the professor deteriorates, they will not be able to recommend the best talent.


[https://gyazo.com/70f5e413d186f15f2b932b5f5d40eb84]
  [Productivity Improvement through Community Recommendations].


[https://gyazo.com/aae0406f16ee57252313e641464ac70a]
  [What do you mean by "networking?"]