Considerations on Conversation between Computers and Humans
[2017]-12-08
 Q: Is a program more complex than everyday speech because the number of primitives is less than the number of words in everyday speech? Artificial intelligence evolves
 	A programming language may have about 30 primitives, but any number of "functions" can be defined.
   It is widely practiced to group repeated processes into functions, give them function names, and refer to them by those names.
	Human conversation appears simple compared to programs because mistakes are tolerated.
  Everywhere in the fields of mathematics, law, patents, etc., where it is not acceptable, more complex language is used than in everyday speech.
  In those fields, names are given to concepts that are used repeatedly and reused, just like function definitions in programs. (e.g., "semi-order," "good will," "shift correction," etc.)
	The essential cause of the simplicity of human daily conversation is that humans are significantly inferior to computers in terms of "the ability to communicate without making mistakes.
  We routinely do things that are out of the ordinary from a programmer's point of view, communicating without standardizing [protocols].
  The majority of human beings do not engage in remedial activities despite the fact that miscommunication caused by this actually occurs.
  	There has been an improvement in communication among some professionals as described above.
  Most people do not clarify protocols, etc., because most people are not intelligent enough to handle clarified protocols without making mistakes.
 It has been suggested that highly competent [intelligent bodies] may not need to create language
 	[twin shema model presentation#5965f99daff09e0000a84e7b]
 We need to think about how a computer can extract useful information from a human intelligence, an intelligence with inferior intelligence, when it is weaving words using the symbols of language in a messy way.
  The model says that all human speech can be wrong, word choice can be wrong, and what is conveyed by the computer can be misunderstood.
