Basic Legal Course for Sharp Engineers
Reproduced because it would be a shame to have my work buried on a private site.

-----[Unexplored related persons only] Basic Legal Seminar for Sharp Engineers (by Professor Kazuhiro [Shiozawa], Seikei University) -----
Do you think, "I don't understand the law?"

When engineers talk about technology, they check the specifications in the official manuals of programming languages. But when talking about laws, surprisingly few people check the articles. If we compare it to a program, it is like saying "I don't understand it well" after reading a blog article without reading the manual of the programming language. If you only read unreliable documents without reading reliable ones, it is no wonder that it is difficult to understand.

If you learn where to find "reliable documents" for lawyers, such as articles, interpretations of statutes by competent authorities, and precedents, how to read them, and what to think about based on that material, you will be able to understand more about the law.

Therefore, we will hold a seminar where Dr. Shiozawa will teach those basic points.

Professor Shiozawa is a professor of law at Seikei University, but is also active as a photographer, and is well known as a lawyer with a strong affinity for technology, as evidenced by his use of Scrapbox's real-time collaborative editing function in his classes.

Here is a quote from "Creating Reed, Creative Mass.: A Compass for the Age of Great Publicity," which he used to write in his monthly column in MacPeople, and which expresses his stance very well: "I am a creative person, and I am not a writer.

　Advice such as, "I can't do that," or "I can't do that," while appreciated, is not very valuable. It only leads to discouragement.
　A "good lawyer" should identify specific things that can be done, not things that cannot be done. And if you can present ideas for things that people tend to think are "impossible" or "difficult," you will be a creative lawyer. The lawyer must understand the true meaning of the other party's question, and then present a strategy for realizing the request.
　If the timing is exquisite, the advice will be of immense value.
A good lawyer is a navigator who takes into account the entire set of rules applicable to the situation and reveals a possible way forward.

ASCII.jp ( http://ASCII.jp ): Positive about Copyright Law (1/5)｜Kazuhiro Shiozawa's "Creating Reed, CreativeMass. ─ A Compass for the Era of Great Publication".
http://ascii.jp/elem/000/000/167/167345/

Whenever a sharp engineer tries to do something unprecedented, there are always people who ask if it is legal. Without a basic knowledge of the law, they may fear and delegate more than necessary and quit the project. Instead, it is important to use the law as a basis for thinking, "We can do this. This seminar is designed to help you learn the basic skills to do so.
(Text: Mr. Yasukazu Nishio, 2002 Unexplored Youth Alumni, Director of Unexplored Incorporated Association)