sabotage manual
[https://gyazo.com/11f0bfcfa82a0da405621e3361b6823f]
 Sabotage Manual: [Intelligence Activities] Illuminate the Essence of [Organizational Management
 [U.S. Office of Strategic Intelligence] (OSS) (Author), Keita Ochi (Author), Koichi Kunishige (Author)
 [Amazon http://amzn.to/2C7S4EN]

 Sabotage manual for civilians published by the U.S. CIA
 Prepared and published by the U.S. Office of Strategic Intelligence in 1944
 The English version can be read free of charge.
  [- [Timeless Tips for 'Simple Sabotage' — Central Intelligence Agency https://www.cia.gov/news-information/featured-story-archive/2012-featured-story-archive/simple-sabotage.html]]
  	dead link
  	https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/26184
	This book contains about 50 pages of explanations and a translation (about 60 pages) of the above 20 page PDF.
  If you want to save $1500, just read the original PDF.

　Maybe people are interested now.
　	(11) General Interference with Organizations and Production
　Id. Otherwise, there are many stories of physical sabotage.

(11) General sabotage of organization and production
	(a) Organization and Meetings
  (1) Insist on doing everything through "channels".
   Insist that it be done through "channels." Never allow shortcuts to speed up decisions.
  (2) Make "speeches. Speak as often and as long as possible.
   Speak at length. Explain your point of view with anecdotes and personal experiences.
   Do not hesitate to state appropriate patriotic comments.
  (3) Refer all issues to the committee for "further study and consideration" whenever possible.
   The committee tries to be as large as possible. -- never less than 5 people.
		(4) Bring up unrelated issues as often as possible.
		(5) Disputes over the accurate wording of communications, minutes, and resolutions.
		(6) Attempts to again raise the issue of the appropriateness of the decision by citing the decision that was made at the previous meeting.
		(7) Encourage "caution." Ask your co-workers to be "reasonable" and avoid hasty actions that could cause embarrassment or difficulty later
  (8) Concerned about the validity of any decision.
   Raises the question of whether the group is under the jurisdiction of, or in conflict with, the policies of the higher-level organization.

	(b) Managers and supervisors
		(1) Require a written order.
		(2) "Misinterpret" the order. Ask endless questions or engage in lengthy correspondence about the order. You may quibble.
		(3) Delay delivery of the order by any means possible. Even if it is partially ready, do not deliver it until it is completely ready.
		(4) New material orders will not be placed until the current inventory is almost depleted. This is because even the slightest delay will result in a shutdown of operations.
		(5) Order high quality materials that are hard to obtain. If you can't get it, discuss it. Warn them that if the materials are bad, the work will be bad.
		(6) Work assignments should be signed off in order of importance, starting with the least important jobs. Make sure that important jobs are assigned to inefficient workers using inferior machinery.
		(7) Demand perfect work on relatively unimportant products. Send anything with even the slightest defect to be refinished. Approve parts with other defects that are not visible to the naked eye.
		(8) Routing errors, such as sending parts or materials to the wrong place in the plant.
		(9) When training new employees, give incomplete and misleading instructions.
		(10) Pleasing inefficient workers and giving them unfair promotions in order to lower morale and lower production.
			Discriminate against efficient workers or complain unfairly about their work.
		(11) Hold meetings when there is more important work to be done.
		(12) Increase paperwork in plausible ways.
			Start duplicate files.
		(13) Put procedures and permissions in place for the issuance of instructions, pay slips, etc.
			Make it so that where one person can do it, three people must approve it.
		(14) All rules apply to the last character.
	(c) Office Workers
		...