Legitimate Peripheral Participation
2018-01-09
 [Learning is a social act.]
  The teacher gives, the students receive, and each student learns.
  　[Knowledge flows one way].
  When we observe [apprenticeships], there is very little classroom intentional teaching going on.
   Students [actively] and [proactively] access what they want to know and do, and receive [feedback] on it.
 and "legitimate peripheral participation."
  "[Legitimate participation]" = "to show that you are a legitimate member of this community."
  　A source of motivation to be able to do what the skilled people around you are able to do by
  Peripheral participation" = given from tasks with less responsibility
   [voluntarily] trying something more difficult.
	It is easy to imagine an open source community see: [dual organization].

-----
Facebook:

I am reading regarding legitimate peripheral participation.
	Learning is not something an individual does, but a community does
	Learning is not the acquisition of structure, but the learner's ability to participate in the work of a skilled person and be able to fulfill his/her role.
I guess I should imagine it more like an apprenticeship.

 No, it would be a misnomer to say so. The idea of referring to apprenticeship in education has been around for a long time, and various educational concepts have been called apprenticeship, but this does not fit well with apprenticeship as it is practiced in reality, and the concept of legitimate peripheral participation was born as a term that more clearly captures the real-life characteristics of apprenticeship.
 I wonder if we accept as axiomatic that "there is no activity that is not embedded in a situation."
 Ah, I see. When I applied the transition from Level 2 to Level 3 of [U Theory] to the way we learn, I understood it as a change from learning where the answers are outside of us and we copy them into ourselves to learning as a community where we refine our knowledge by teaching each other, but with regard to the latter of these, I was wondering if there is already an existing If a community is already established, can it be interpreted as learning through peripheral participation in that community?
 So the transition from Level 3 to Level 4, which has been unclear until now, can also be called a transition to "activities where no existing community exists"?
	To begin with, he pointed out that conventional schooling is designed on the premise that it can teach abstract knowledge divorced from context.
	I see what you mean. In conventional school education, the model is that the teacher gives "intentional teaching" and the students receive it to "understand" and "learn" on their own, but when I observe the actual apprenticeship system, there is little intentional classroom teaching. Here, on the contrary, students actively access what they want to know and do, and "learning" takes place as feedback.
	Yes, over here, "learning" is a social act. So, showing "you are a member of this community" with "legitimate participation" is a source of motivation to be able to do what the skilled people on the periphery are able to do, and not being given a task with heavy responsibility at first with "peripheral participation" makes room to voluntarily try something more difficult. This is why it is called "legitimate peripheral participation. So, legitimate peripheral participation. I see.

[2015]-01-03 [Facebook https://www.facebook.com/nishiohirokazu/posts/10204970726124411]
