Is that ~?" should not be asked.
 I used to think that in interviews, when someone says X, I need to ask if I can replace it with "Y, which I consider interchangeable with X," in order to make sure I understand the meaning of X correctly, but this may not have been the right approach. I was thinking that I needed to ask if I could replace X with "Y which I consider interchangeable with X" in order to make sure that I understood the meaning of X correctly.
  Ohkubo
   Even if the frequency of getting X wrong and the frequency of getting Y wrong are the same, the frequency of getting X and Y wrong at the same time and in opposite directions should be much lower.
   Could there be an easier way to "make sure I'm getting the meaning of X right?" isn't it just a matter of how you choose Y?

 It's X." "Does X mean Y? If the next answer is "yes," it is easier and more detailed, because one concept can be expressed in two words, but if the next answer is "no," it is difficult to know where the gap in understanding lies, and the cost of repairing the communication is high.
 Instead, it is better to say, "That is X." "What kind of X is that X?" It's smoother to say, "It's like a Z." "Oh, I see.
 No need for us to present Y
 A concrete example. In this exchange I asked, "By this 'genetic algorithm' do you mean the 'Ising model'?" I started to explain Y, but it ended up being a concept that was difficult to convey verbally, so I said, "Nishio thought X might be Y, but he didn't mean to assume Y. It seems similar, but I'm not sure exactly what it is. The only result was that we had to finally cut the whole thing down.
  http://cybozushiki.cybozu.co.jp/articles/m000320.html

 It would have been much more useful to ask, "What is this 'genetic algorithm'?" would have been much more useful.
 I was not the only one who was not sure about this point, as there were some comments on the "hatteb" (aka "What's a genetic algorithm?") and others that it is more like simulated annealing than a genetic algorithm. If I had asked the right questions, I might have been able to resolve my confusion.
 teratti I was thinking that you must be thinking of a cellular automaton artificial life like this.
  http://www.biota.org/book/chbi/chbi4.htm

[Facebook https://www.facebook.com/nishiohirokazu/posts/10204968427706952]
#Communication
#cleanlanguage