down vote

 I think it would be better if StackOverflow, which currently has a system in which "individuals post their own articles, which rise and fall in the rankings," also created a "collaborative editorial space for writing brief summaries" and if those brief summaries could be obtained via API (yeah).
 Concise summary" is important.
  Since the machine hasn't been able to do it yet, humans will make it.
  There must be an incentive to create it, so it would be nice to be able to VOTE on the difference of a joint edit.
  Let's make it so that if you select a part of the brief summary and upload it, the person who wrote that part will get points.
 It's a failure of incentive design that has led to more attention being paid to writing burly articles and poems.


	From a managerial point of view, the revenue source in the first place is not Qiita, which is free and open to the public, but on the side of products that are introduced internally.
 In that environment, ABUSE is avoided by having a select group of people who can write.
 So, I guess it was a difficult problem to handle when there are two lines of service: the free service that is released to gain recognition, and the service that is developed to support revenue, and the majority of the code base is shared.

	tokoroten The system of using like as a reminder is not good. Because of this, wannabes push like on seemingly good garbage.

 kumagi I guess it's not a good idea to try to approximate the reputations of articles with bookmarks. There may be a correlation, but there are plenty of exceptions, and they are easily hacked.
 tokoroten When search engines were poor, it was fine, but now that search engines are more powerful, linking bookmarks to reputation is a bad idea.
  Nevertheless, it is difficult to say that it is the right answer for those who place a high value on common experiences, because people strongly seek common experiences.

	tokoroten Media, where common experience is valued, and technical writing, where correct content is valued, have different requirements.
	StackOverflow is in place and working effectively.
 	Especially in cases where the "right way to write" changes.
  Old information is properly buried.
 It was also used by Slashdot.
 tokoroten 2ch goes up when there is a response, not when there is no response. The basic manner of throwing in sage has been established, and only when there is something important do you age.
 Why not include Hatena bookmarks?
 Why not include Qiita?
  [Event "Increments, Qiita Reflections and Challenges for the Future 2017" Report (Details, Second Half) - Page 2 - Work:Q (WorkQ) https://workq.qiita.com/event- report/challenge-increments-and-qiita-2017-2/2/]
  tokoroten
   I'm confused because there is no definition of what a VOTE is.
   While stack overflow is viable because it is a down vote with multiple options, Qiita is less viable because it is a down vote on a single article.
   I think that since Hatteb is a medium, there is no downvote because we want to optimize it for people who want to "get a common experience".
   However, I have a feeling that media without downvotes are about to get slammed for being like a fake news spreading infrastructure.