Bias to underestimate familiarity
[bias] to [underestimate] the familiar.
 There was an opinion that Japan does not value things unless they have been valued overseas, but in the case of human resources, people do not value people within their own companies very highly, but value people who are highly valued in the external market. In other words, there is a big bias to undervalue familiar things, so it is necessary to increase the evaluation in the external market.
 This is, in essence, what the chasm theory calls a "late majority" that is waiting for [social proof] because they are afraid of [risk-taking] alone for something uncertain or think it is not rational.
 [Twitter https://twitter.com/nishio/status/953298739610886144] [Imported Faith and the Late Majority]

 tokoroten
  If I pull personnel from within my own company, it will spark internal politics because they will be accused of overstepping their authority or taking away my people. ......
  I think patriarchal HR management treats subordinates as property and makes it difficult to pull people from neighboring departments.
  Should I look at my subordinates as company property and asset manage them?
  From the point of view of those who lose their subordinates, it is not a good thing that they lose their subordinates because it makes it difficult to achieve the goals for the current fiscal year and also lowers their own evaluation.
  So the performance-based system also makes it difficult to take people away from other departments.
  Unless the person in question is running out of motivation in that department or something like that.
  In other words, internal political costs have become so high that it is usually difficult to move people without either a voluntary transfer request from an employee or pulling them in from the outside.

 FreeFromTheSoul
  I think I'm just using external evaluations as insurance against being wrong in a field where my recommendations or evaluations could be wrong (which is often the case for researchers who work with different industries). On the other hand, if a company has a low turnover rate, they tend to look at internal evaluations as a challenge. This tendency was blatant when I looked at my colleagues when working with outside experts.