Consultation as a Service
	There are many companies that want technical advice.
 There are many experts and engineers who can give technical advice.
	Improvements could be made by identifying and removing obstacles to the distribution of information between the two parties.

	Company seeking technical advice
  Inability to identify experts
  	It is often said in the hiring of engineers that you cannot hire good engineers unless you have someone who can judge whether they are good engineers or not.
   [I was told about typical mistakes in startup hiring and what to do about them! | A note on how to read financial statements https://irnote.com/n/n04570a4a7335]
		When trying to enter into a contract with a company versus an individual, the only option is an employment contract.
   In addition, there are internal rules regarding employment contracts.
  The larger the cost, the higher the coordination costs (e.g., approval).
 Experts who can give technical advice
 	Want to invest time in acquiring technical knowledge
   Not spending time on sales activities in the technical advisory business and not knowing the ins and outs of sales activities.
  Lack of contract knowledge
   Since they are the sellers of the product, they should be able to verbalize the conditions under which they will sell the product, but instead of doing so, they simply accept what the company proposes.
  I don't devote time to it as my day job.
  	The supply of engineers will increase with the lifting of the ban and promotion of side jobs, but they have their day jobs and do not want to commit to long hours of work.
   Unstable as a source of labor

Proposed Solution "Consultation as a Service
	Create a legal entity that works like an entertainment agency (hereafter, the hub), rather than an individual professional entering into a contract with a startup.
 Contracts with companies are handled by the Hub.
 The hub will also handle contract knowledge accumulation and sales activities.
  We should insist that we don't do contracting [a form of contracting when providing high-level expertise].
 Individual experts and the Hub will contract with them.
 	Of course, it would be a contract without the right to command and control.
 The corporate side is reluctant to sign a contract for a high amount of money, and the individual side is reluctant to commit to a long-term commitment or long hours, so we offer a light plan for the first step.
 We may need to consider what this "minimal plan" is.
 	I wish we could just communicate on Slack.
