The Parable of the Tallantons
Bible [Gospel of Matthew] 25:14-30
summary
 When the master went on a trip, he entrusted his servants with five talantons, two talantons, and one talanton respectively.
 He came back a while later.
 The servant who was entrusted with five talantons increased it to ten talantons. His master was pleased and praised him
 The servant who was entrusted with two talantons increased it to four talantons. His master was equally pleased and praised him with the same words
 1Talanton The servant entrusted to him was afraid to lose it, so he left it buried in the ground and returned it as it was. His master was furious and drove him out.

explanation
 Life is not fair and there is a difference in the "[opportunity]" of "the amount of money that can be deposited".
 It is up to the heart of the giver to decide whether or not to take advantage of [a given opportunity].
 1Talanton's servant did not do well in not trying to take advantage of that [opportunity].
 	[Risk Aversion]
 The words spoken to the five-talanton and two-talanton men were, "[Since] you have been faithful with a few things, let them manage many things."
  Because you are a person who takes advantage of opportunities given to you, you will be given further opportunities.
　Immediately after this come the famous words
　 25:29 "Whoever has [will be given more and become rich], but whoever does not have [will have even what he has taken away]."
  The world often interprets this as "the rich get more money".
  Originally, it wasn't, [more opportunities are given to those who take advantage of opportunities].
  　Because not taking advantage of an opportunity is simply throwing away the opportunity, and the opportunity giver wants to give the opportunity to those who will take advantage of it.

 If a servant who was entrusted with two talantons had reduced it to one talanton, would his master have been offended?
 	Not explicitly mentioned in the Bible.
  But if they were afraid of losing their masters, they would have buried them in the ground instead of leaving them with their servants.
  If they dared to entrust their servants with them, they must have already accepted the possibility of losing them.
  He was angry because the one-talanton servant chose to "bury it and leave it" when he entrusted it to him to give him a chance to challenge himself!


#Parable
#Bible

I sometimes say [the Denarion parable] by mistake.