Multitasking Experiment 2015
 I've heard a lot of talk about how multitasking decreases performance compared to single-tasking, but unlike situations where there is a physical interruption such as a phone call, if there are multiple tasks running in parallel, simply switching tasks at your own timing is the same as single-tasking, and the performance will be the same. If you design properly with this in mind, performance should improve.
  Imagine creating your own scheduled micro-threads instead of creating native OS threads.
 So, when I increased the load to 2-3 times what it had been before with that design, it was interesting to see patterns in the various things that were being taken out and what kind of things were being taken out. Self-load test.
  Almost shrugging off a physical exam.
  I didn't apply for a day off work this weekend.
  I haven't gotten around to preparing 4 hours worth of workshop materials at all.
  I haven't responded to your email about adding errata to the book (I remembered when I was writing the above).

 The health checkup thing is a bug where you should check both the schedule and the task list, but you only look at the task list, start working on it, and forget about the schedule.
 A bug that evaporates from the brain stack as a result of unnecessary procrastination without registering it in the task list, even though the application for working on holidays should be submitted immediately when it is decided that it will be treated as working on holidays.
  Maybe this case started out with "I'll check if it's treated as a holiday work," but in that case, the "check the result and act on it" task should be loaded into the schedule after the appropriate time when waiting for someone else's IO.
 Creating workshop materials is a typical bad task.
  The first step is not clear, the goal is not clear, the deadline is not clear, the level of requirements is not clear, etc.
  As a first step, I left it piled on the task "1 Pomodoro writing out about the workshop materials".
  It's funny that you didn't modify the task there when you thought of doing it and didn't do it because you thought, "Oh, I have to refer to that document" or something.

 Having substituted your email inbox for a task list, you are distracted by emails for long-term tasks, and one-off tasks that you can hit back immediately are buried.
 When there's more than one screen of data in the inbox, it's not in the proper state to be an inbox.
 You can't even do the errata email, you can't perform the task if you don't have the book in hand!
  And the book is at the office now, so you can't run it until Tuesday!
  Errata email 3 days old and has been in my email inbox for a long time and has not been addressed!
  I don't think inbox should be used as a task list....
 I had a notebook in Evernote at hand called "inbox" and a notebook called "today's tasks" and a notebook called "this week's tasks" and that worked fine when the majority of the tasks were R&D.
  However, as the wait for others' IOs increased, many modifications became necessary.
  First of all, if you erase a task at the point when "your task is finished (you handed the ball to the other party)," you will forget about it as it is when the ball is not returned from the other party.
  If you pile them up as a task of "wait for the response and do the work," it's fine when the number is small, as it has been, but when the number increases, the habit of "skimming and skipping" occurs, and you still forget.
  So I decided to pile it up in the form of a task called "Prompt if not - on Thursday.
   So much for the premise of what I am going to write about.

 So, even though I was not aware of it, there are many "things to do at specific times (small schedules)" appearing here in addition to "things I perform" in the "tasks".
 What happened as a result of not noticing this change in data content?
 I thought it was wrong to write such a detailed schedule in my notebook because there is a lot of it and it is characterized as "if I get a reply right away, I will do it without waiting for the due date". I forgot to look at "Today's Tasks".
 The question is, in the first place, was it necessary to separate them into separate notebooks on Evernote?
 Evernote, moving information between notes is not easy. Opening a note in a separate window to cut and paste is sterile and I can't do it on my iPhone.
  If you want to separate and organize your notebooks, they need to be easy to move around.
  If we try to achieve this in Evernote, we could make one task into one notebook and realize it by moving notebooks around, but it seems like we are splitting a disposable chopstick with a hatchet.
 The other method is to write everything in one notebook. I have some concerns about too much information and not having too much warbling, but this one seems to be better.

[https://www.facebook.com/nishiohirokazu/posts/10207265168764043 Facebook] [2015]
