About News Article Archives
>Subsection 5 Restrictions on Copyright
 > (Reproduction for private use)
  >Article 30 A work that is the subject of a copyright (hereinafter in this Subsection referred to simply as "work") may be used for personal or family use or other similarly limited use (hereinafter referred to as "private use"). Article 30 A work (hereinafter in this Subsection simply referred to as "work") that is the subject matter of a copyright (hereinafter in this Subsection simply referred to as "work") may be reproduced by the person who uses it for personal use or use within the family or other similarly limited scope (hereinafter referred to as "personal use"), except in the following cases (2) A work (hereinafter in this subsection referred to simply as "work") may be reproduced by the person who uses it for the purpose of personal or family use or other similar limited use (hereinafter referred to as "private use"), except in the following cases
 > (citation needed)
  >Article 32. In this case, the quotation shall be in conformity with fair practice and within the scope justifiable for the purpose of news reporting, criticism, research and other quotations.

It is a fair practice in citation to indicate the URL and the date and time of acquisition as the source, so
	Save the article locally as soon as you see it that you might mention later (also record the URL and date and time).
 Mention and cite the above source with an indication of the source
The individual is free to do as he or she pleases up to the point where he or she says, "I'll do whatever I want.

I think one case where this is insufficient is to show a third party that a page that has already been erased or changed "said this as of what date".
 > (Use for information processing necessary for the preparation of information provision using information and communication technology)
  >Article 47-9 A work shall not be recorded on a recording medium or adapted (including the recording of a secondary work created thereby) to the extent deemed necessary when information is provided by means of information and communication technology and when computer data processing is necessary to prepare for the smooth and efficient provision of such information and communication technology. (including the recording of secondary works created thereby) (2) The following provisions shall apply to the recording or adaptation of works
For example, consider "a web service that returns Yes or No in response to a user's request, 'Does the article contain the string ~? Let's consider, for example, a web service that returns Yes or No in response to a request from a user asking, "Does the article contain the string '~'?
Returning this Yes or No is informational, and it is legal for the web service to store the publisher's article to facilitate this.