Online Secretarial Services

Kaori-san
Task A: Saturday 1AM → 11:08AM reply → 11:21AM insufficient explanation pointed out → 11:34 supplementary explanation reply
Task B: Wednesday 5PM -> Thursday 11AM reply -> not satisfied with quality
Task C: Wednesday 5PM to Thursday 10AM Reply
Task D: Friday 3AM -> Now at the end of the following Wednesday, still no reply

Asqme
Task A: Saturday 2AM to Tuesday 11PM Reply
Task B: Wednesday 5PM to Monday 2PM Reply
Task C: Wednesday 5PM to Monday 2PM Reply
Task D: Wednesday 23PM to...
Task E: Saturday 2AM to Tuesday 2PM Reply



	Kaori-san
  The quick talking feeling of logging in with a Google account and immediately asking for a credit card number.
  Stripe for decision making
  Some people will be intimidated by the sudden appearance of English.
  I get the feeling that users can naturally read English (UI, replies from secretaries, etc.).
  5000 yen for 6 20-minute multiples, 9000 yen for 15 multiples
   About 2,000 yen per hour
  Is it good or bad that the work unit is 20 minutes long?
  When you register a task, an e-mail is sent to you. If you reply to it, it will be automatically added to the task exchange in the web interface.

 CasterBiz | CasterBiz for Online Assistance
  https://cast-er.com/
  Points deducted when I received an email saying "I would like to call you" after I requested that they not call me and explain by email.
  Instructions via chat, either ChatWork or Slack.
  	A hand called single channel guest in Slack.
   	Slack must be a paid plan.
  The minimum is 120,000 yen for 30 hours. 4,000 yen per hour.
   That's a method that keeps good business by avoiding trash customers at higher prices.
  A dedicated contact person will be assigned to you.
  Extra time can be reassigned to housekeeping.
  Can also be communicated via email.
   Create an address (****@cast-er.com)
   30 minutes of time converted as the monthly fee for the G Suite account will be deducted from the 30h contracted time.

 Asqme Asqme | Online Secretarial Service
  https://asqme.jp/
  Five panels, starting at 2,700 yen and 600 yen per additional panel, the first step is much smaller.
  The type of account you create with an email and password. When you select a plan, you jump to PayPal.
  The return page after payment is a 404! The contract was made, but get it right!
		Need to choose a classification when submitting a task. It's a hassle.
  I received an Excel file via email for a research request task, but I can't figure out how to get to it from the web interface.
   I found the mailbox by searching asqme.
   I can't manage what is going on by looking at the "list of tasks being requested" on the web. It is hard.
  feeling that one can't get what one wants without paying too much



 CRALY is unique in that you can request research in Chinese and German speaking countries, I don't plan to use it, but I'll keep it in mind.
 Genny, an excellent online secretary (assistant)
  https://genny.jp/
 Nekonote for Online Secretarial Services
  http://neconote.tokyo/
 Help You
  https://help-you.me/blog/onlineassistant-comparison
  Instructions via chat
  Web interview after transfer, a pain in the ass.

 CloudWorks
  Not selected because a phone call was required.

-----
	
