Scrapbox and Feedback
 My [Scrapbox] is surprisingly well read.
 When I was writing [the blog], it was usually a reference to an individual article, but there are people who refer to Scrapbox itself.
  Blog posts are one independent read.
  Scrapbox can be interesting in terms of individual blog posts, but [the process of following the connections] can also be interesting
 For convenience, we will call the "process of tracing connections" a "[walk].
 Currently, there is no way to share the walk with others.
  Technically, there is a way to do it.

	Stream Features
  I can see where the writer made edits.
  So you can get a glimpse of the "walk of the writer".
  Information is visualized as if you started writing an article X, then found a related article Y, edited both, and so on.
  If you didn't see the Stream, you may discover it by looking at the pages sorted by edit time and seeing two pages with similar themes!

	Difficult to get feedback from readers
 	Scrapbox was created in the first place to share information in the lab, and readers and editorial rights are equal.
   in that case
    Use bullet points rather than long, tight sentences so that formatting will not be lost if you add more.
    You should be able to easily add a face icon [nishio.icon].
    Feel free to add comments anywhere to make the culture known.
   I wonder if it is possible to communicate effectively in this way (I would like to experience it, but I haven't).
  We think it is abusive to use it for a blog-like application with "one editorial authority and an unspecified number of readers" in the first place.
  	One person "sharing information in the lab" is beneficial enough.
    It's interesting to discover links to related articles I've written in the past.
    Past selves are strangers
  I'm not comfortable with disclosing this Scrapbox editing privileges to an unspecified number of people.
   →Maybe it's okay to give editing privileges to a limited number of people you've interacted with offline.
   There is no incentive for readers to give feedback just because you gave them editorial authority in the first place.
  The old way
   Should there be a comment section?
   Should I be notified when I am mentioned by other Scrapbox articles?
  	More responses to drivel on Facebook than on blogs with comment sections or trackback capabilities.
   The "more" is subjective. For example, the amount of Hatena bookmarks is, of course, greater on blogs.
  for now
  	If I write an article and post it on Facebook, is it easier to comment on it to the extent of a blog with a comment section?
