What is unexplored?
broach the subject later

	We were chatting about what [unexplored nature] is.
 My own response at that time
 	There is no clear definition of "what is unexplored" or "what is unexploredness."
  I personally sympathize with this.
  >The final outputs are disparate and the evaluation criteria are not aligned. However, "great is great. The meaning of the unexplored is that we brought in a simple evaluation: "If it is great, it will be chosen as a super creator.
  	[Yoichi Ochiai https://www.procommit.co.jp/mitou/interview/ochiai-yoichi]
  However, rather than defining "unexplored" as "this is what it is," I think it is beneficial for each individual PM to make his/her own judgment based on his/her own axis of value judgment.

 I've been thinking about this some more in my own way.

 I'm a big believer in being based on [voluntary motivation].
 	I believe that applications that look like "I submitted this because my lab teacher said it would be a good idea to do this" should be dropped.
  I'm disappointed when the explanation comes first: "In recent years, the birthrate is declining and the population is aging, so this is what we need to do.
  I just want to make this thing!" should come first.
  It can be described as "based on one's values."
 Another requirement is to "make something new."
  Voluntary motivation is a necessary condition, not a sufficient condition.
		'I want to make it anyway, so I'll make a Minecraft clone!' is not good enough.
 In summary: "to create something new, based on spontaneous motivation."


 Being "technologically advanced" is not a requirement.
 	Better to be advanced
		However, if we focus only on the high level, "the act of piling small stones on top of piles of stones piled up by our predecessors" is efficient.
  This is following the "values of our predecessors", and that weakens the "based on my values".

 The "newness" of the "new" is not self-evident.
 	Since everyone's sense of "newness" is different, there is no "what all people think is new.
  	After Columbus found the new continent, people would say, "Just take a ship and go in one direction." see [Columbus' Egg].
   The act of saying "that's anyone's idea" after someone else has created something new, that's what anyone can do.
 	When you try to make something that the general public says, "This is new," you have to think in terms of "the general public's values.
  	This makes it more advantageous to take the "values of the general public majority" and make something slightly different.
   The public doesn't understand things that have been changed significantly.
    The public says, "[I want] a fast horse."

	Difficult to evaluate
 	When we do something new based on spontaneous motivation, it is difficult to evaluate the results.
   >So the final outputs are disparate and the evaluation criteria are not aligned.
  No matter what evaluation axis is defined, optimization on that axis will take place.
  It makes no sense to do that when you are trying to create human resources that create a new evaluation axis itself.
  therefore
  >I think it is beneficial for each individual PM to make a judgment based on his/her own axis of value judgment, rather than defining "unexplored" as such.
  It comes down to
