Zeigarnik Apo
 Suddenly remembering another unfinished task while working ([zygarnik] effect)
 Take this as a metaphor: "I received an e-mail from Mr. Tusk asking for an appointment.
 Put "Coordinate an appointment with Mr. Tusk" in the task list.
 After the work is completed, check the schedule and schedule a "one-hour visit with Mr. Tusk".
 	In this one hour, I imagine doing everything from remembering the task, to 1[pomodoro] work, to handing over to my future self.

Comparison
	If you suddenly remember and leave it as it is
 	It takes up brain resources by reminding me over and over again.
  Feeling guilty or anxious that you are not doing something that you should be doing
 When you suddenly remember something and want to add it to your task list
 	Often what is recalled is not a task that can be completed in one line
   Large projects requiring multiple tasks
   Partially started, with unfinished work.
  There is a psychological hurdle to starting the project because the next action is not clear even if the project name is written on the task list.
  It takes a lot of brain resources to figure out what the next action is and write it down
  	I can't interrupt the work I'm doing right now to do that.
   The "process of clarifying what the next action is" itself takes time.
  For tasks that can be completed in one line, it is fine to add the task to the task list and execute it as is.
   For tasks that are not so, the story is to make it a task that can be completed in one line, "adjusting the schedule of an appointment.

experiment
	The "my appointment is at 10:00, it's 9:40, what should I do for 20 minutes?" problem.
  Case 1
   I put a timer on it for 20 minutes and did some other work.
   Twenty minutes went by and I wasn't done, so I worked another 20 minutes and ate into the appointment.
   As a result, that task was settled and I was able to focus on the appointment with my engine running at full throttle from the excitement of the work...
   Case 1 Consideration
    If I had extended the appointment for 60 minutes, the appointment would have been stood down.
    Or rather, a 40-minute extension leaves only 20 minutes available for appointments.
    I was going to work one pomodoro in a one hour slot, so I had to stay at least 25 minutes.
    If you're thinking in terms of the metaphor of an appointment, you're not supposed to get all up in an appointment just because you have another task to do.
   Rather the opposite: "I'll be in the conference room a little early."
   You may start scheduled tasks early. It is normal to review the materials you plan to give to the meeting participants before the meeting.
   If you really want to do "another task" now, you may do it after "going to the meeting room = getting ready to start immediately. However, set a timer and switch to it as soon as the appointment time starts.
   	Can it really be interrupted instantly?
    Instead of setting the timer at the start of the appointment, why not set it 5 minutes before, and when the alarm goes off, do the end work and walk around a bit?
 		Wife's advice
   	draw up a desk
    make coffee
    Stretching.
    I'm going to the bathroom.
    Throwing away desk trash
    Perform mindless tasks such as shredding.
 			Do tasks that can be cut off quickly.
 I set appointments for an hour and did three in a row and it wore me out.
 	Because there is no gap between
  'It's going to start in three minutes!' Like that.
  Initially, I thought, "Wouldn't it be nice if I could focus for 25 minutes in a one-hour slot?" but it seems like it's not appropriate to make it an hour in the first place because it seems like it's not appropriate to delay the start time, and a 25-minute appointment would allow a seamless connection with [Pomodoro].


 Related [The Curse of Yoichi Ochiai].
