2015 Motivation System Memo
Summarize notes on [motivational advice] circa 2015
[2017 Motivation System Renewal].

	De-motivated" (de-motivated) is a simple way to describe the state of being "de-motivated.
	"Is it likely to be completed in four hours?" should have the option of "I don't know" to (2015-07-09)
 	Demotivation due to lack of estimation

	2015-07-19
 	Chrome extension, instead of blocking the screen, why not replace Ads like Facebook, Twitter, etc.
  	I personally started using Facebook messages to communicate in a business-like manner, and since I turned off the extension
   We need to solve the problem of judging people as demotivated just because they are on Facebook when they are not demotivated.
  Is it good to have someone to interact with?
  	What would you like to be able to do?"
   First, build a prototype that runs locally, not as a web service.
  The source code is on bitbucket.

	I have an idea, but I haven't had the time to make any progress.
 	I think "[I don't have time]" is a lie.

 2015-07-30
 	Wife's advice
  	Vigorous physical activity
   change one's environment
   Take a walk.
  Do you know what you're going to do?"
			Cases where you have decided what you were going to do but you are not motivated to do it.
   Cases that are struggling with whether they should do what they were going to do or change their policy Need assistance in deciding on a policy
  One?"
  	Cases where neither Yes nor No is possible
  'Is there another way to get a similar effect?'
  	Cases where the expected "effect" is ambiguous.
   	"What do you hope will happen by doing that task?" should be asked
   Cases where there is another method that "might" work, but we are not confident that it will work.
   	It is not a "task that will definitely produce results if you do it," so of course it is.
    I don't think we can do it." →Why? →Because we have made a major policy change" → so what? Is that a fact or an interpretation?
    	If true, "give up" or "another way."
     	Either way, "it's impossible to complete it by the deadline," or "maybe we'll get lucky and come up with another way to complete it."
      Maybe we should move from "how to do it by the deadline" to "can we move the deadline or negotiate to change what we're going to do?
      This advice is not being given right now, but it would be kind to give it. It's easy to get narrow-minded.
     If it's interpretation and not fact, you have to try.

	I need motivation.
 	Nothing to do? →No, I'm doing everything else.
  What's important? →X
  Could it be done in 4 hours?
  	Before we ask this question, maybe we should be concerned about whether there is a [definition of completion] in the first place?

	Sleepy and unmotivated
 	Are you sleepy because you are physically sleep deprived, etc., or are you sleepy because you are bored with what you are trying to do now?
  	Move your body, do something completely different,
 I spend my time doing unproductive and depressing things.
 	[Sunk Cost]
		I can't help but think about the time I spent.
		The use of that time was beneficial, I was able to rest, I had time to think about what I needed to do.

 2015-09-09
 	Task selection consulting
  	Do tasks with fixed deadlines in the order of nearest deadline.
   This means that a [large task] with no fixed deadline will never be started.
   	A little like [the trade-off between use and exploration].
   If the nearest deadline is far enough away, you should try doing a few non-deadline tasks
   	What is enough: Estimated and safe area.
   A little bit of work will tell you how much longer it will take.
   I don't know what to do with the first one pomodoro.
   	Just make "thinking about what to do" the first pomodoro.
    Thinking" is an ambiguous task
    Create [WBS] ←This is too big a task
    Perform a writing method to create a WBS
    	5-minute write-out method
     Deliverables, procedures, and schedules, divided by
 	The system's "You can't decide which is important?" is a judgmental output.
  	Can't decide which one to start with?" Change it to?
   	Possibility that "[should]" is detrimental.
   It is difficult to estimate the damages of "let's start with the ones that cause the most damage."
   	Do you have a set deadline? ask
    I'll do them in the order of closest to the deadline.
 		Prioritize those that need to wait for others to work.
 	I don't know what to do, so I'm holding off." Holding off won't change anything.
  	Doing something in Eyre.
   Do not neglect to check the situation

	2015-11-24 Three-day seminar
 	[Task-shooting time technique] Replacing the frontal lobe
  Eliminate "should I do X first" kind of anxiety.
  Give a rationale for "why it's okay to do it then."
  	Create a situation of "we have to do this now."
  	Not with a TODO list, because there is no rationale for choosing X out of multiple tasks.
   It could be in the form of doing what the motivation system chooses to do.
   [Zygalnic Apo] may also have this feature.
   	That's exactly what this note does.
    I made an appointment to read and summarize the notes I wrote in 2015.
		Make sure you don't have a destination to send it to when you think, "Oh no, I want to put it off."
			Do it now or don't do the task in the first place.

  Divided by principle time period
  	Clarify the "don't do it now."
   Write down everything you "do" that takes more than 30 seconds.
    You may find it hard to write all
    About 140 things to write about all of them, and 20-30 things that change every day.
    	This seems to depend on the person and the type of task.
    Once made, it takes about 7 minutes to rewrite the changing points and make a list for the next day.
 				This also varies from person to person, but it is a good idea to actually measure and figure out how long it will take.
     We don't have a grasp of the current situation, so we feel it's [a big task] and we're not motivated to do it.
				Q: How do I make this list?
    	keep a log
     Average of three logged
     Tasks that can't be logged three times can't even be estimated in the first place.
     Estimate what you can estimate.

		Tasks without deadlines are placed before tasks with deadlines.
		If I'm not motivated to look at it when I can least afford it, I won't do it.
  Write what you are doing now
		Interruptions are first written on paper.
  	Putting the reopening in the task ahead of time
  estimate
  	Record start and end
   Predicted, measured, and terminated

 self-absorption
 	Glucose motivation is regained.
  Believing it is inexhaustible makes it inexhaustible.
 conditional plan
 	Taskshooting is a type of this.
 Zeigarnik effect
 	It doesn't happen when you plan for it.
  	Taskshooting is a type of this.
 Teach others Positive incentives Increase intrinsic motivation
 	By remembering why you are doing what you are doing.

	2016-01-15 Productivity of the task of reading
 	skim
  Read only part of it
  Better than not reading either.
  Negative if you feel obligated or in pain.
  How to provide motivation
  	turning a movie, comic, etc. into a (computer) game

