Shiozawa-sensei's class experience
 I have been auditing Civil Law II by Prof. Shiozawa[/shiology] at Seikei University since April 2018.
  For more information on the auditing system itself, please see: [Auditing and Credit-Course Student Application Experience].

 For the first time, I'm taking classes with the feeling that "I could potentially have a full class in the near future."
  I've done a few part-time speaking engagements where I only spoke for one slot, but again, it's one thing to speak for an hour and another to speak for an hour every week for 12 sessions or something.
  I honestly don't know what to think about making a syllabus or anything.

	I'm not going to summarize here what I'm learning about civil law.
 	Once again, it's interesting to consider why we don't want to put it all together.
  	I thought about it: [rushing to output results in a degraded copy].
		So it's neither "Civil Law II Experience" nor "Auditing Student Experience", so I came up with this title

 Teaching and learning together is important."
 	I've been saying this for three years in my classes at Metropolitan University.
   [exchange knowledge and learn from each other].
  but I couldn't think of a way to make it happen in the classroom.
  I was under the impression that each of us would do it after class.
  Dr. Shiozawa's method of creating buddies is useful
  	A large paper is distributed in advance.
   Take about five minutes and have them write on a piece of paper about a "question with no right answer," such as "What is the purpose of civil law?"
   	Tell them to write more than 5 lines
    [Export method]
   Next, have them find a buddy.
   	Let's pair up, which is my weakness!
    If you don't have a buddy, raise your hand and the teacher will match you up.
   Explain to your buddy what you think your answer is.
   Those who have heard the explanation sign a sign that they have heard the explanation.
   [https://gyazo.com/25c557205fe341e95546d76e3f3d006d]
				I've erased the signature in case you're interested.
		Visualize diversity by having multiple people present their responses
  	Make them realize that [there is no right answer].

 Writing and Thinking."
  I'm the type of person who puts a lot of information in my lecture materials.
   [Slides are copyrighted].
   It prevents the audience from "writing and thinking" because they would have to constantly look at the screen.
   I wonder if the teacher's style is better.
    [Should I avoid informative material?"]
		On the contrary, Dr. Shiozawa opened the top page of a blog that has nothing to do with the story and asked, "Who knows the legal trichotomy? Don't you know it? It's very important, you know?" and then he explains it only verbally without using any screen.
  Since there is no information on the screen, you have to listen carefully and write it down by ear, and the audience is all in writing mode, which is good.
		And after that is done, he is good at explaining with illustrations and complementing the mental image.
		The stunt, "The guy in front of you has already written 10 lines."

	First, a QR code is displayed before class.
 	Open that QR code and Scrapbox
  It has a QR code on itself.
  	If you couldn't take a QR while you were on screen, let someone around you take it.
			successful

	Not using Scrapbox's presentation mode
 	Do it by gesture scrolling and zooming.
		When asked a question about what you're going to talk about ahead of time, shuffle and scroll to show them and give them a glimpse of "what we're going to talk about later.

	No sitting in the back three rows rule.
 The number of statements is a normal score.
 	Count for yourself what is guessed and said.
  I don't care what you say.
  The rule is that if hands go up at the same time, the seat in front has priority.
  	Creating awesome incentives

	I have all the past questions on my blog.

	Reading aloud of the article by all


	It looks like it's being displayed via AirPlay from an iPad.
	It's got a big, solid pin mic on it.
 	If I hold the microphone in my hand, I can't do the presentation with iPad+Pencil.
