Using other people's time.
	Observing middle and high school students, I've noticed a difference between their thinking about using other people's time and that of working adults.
 This can't be helped, because the working people they usually see most often are parents and teachers, both of whom are unique in the working world.
 	Parents are obligated to support their children.
  Teachers are supposed to spend time with kids.
  When most other working people spend time with their children, it is with good intentions, not work or obligation.

	The majority of working people earn money by selling their time and live off that money.
 	Suppose someone works 200 hours a month and is paid 400,000 yen.
  His 1 hour corresponds to 2,000 yen.
  Spending other people's time and spending other people's money are the same thing for working people.

	Late Arrivals
  For example, when you say, "Let's have a one-hour meeting with four people to discuss the progress of a project.
  This means that the four people should "put up 2,000 yen each and buy the progress of the project for 8,000 yen.
  Let's say you had an appointment from 5:00 to 6:00 p.m. and one person didn't show up at 5:00 p.m.
  What's going on?" and the three of them wait for him, and after 30 minutes, he finally appears.
   At this point, the three people who waited would have been forced to spend $1,000 each to "wait."
  Assuming that the meeting is held in the remaining 30 minutes, the original plan was to buy the item for 8,000 yen, but only 4,000 yen is available, so of course, the original plan cannot be bought.
		Sometimes an unforeseen accident or a careless mistake can cause a delay.
  If you are running late, please let me know as soon as possible.
  People who are kept waiting without being contacted are not making the best use of their time.
  I hope you understand that it's like taking bills out of someone else's wallet and burning them.

	The cost of time is already paid at the time of the work commitment.
 	This appointment (=appointment) is sometimes called an "appointment" for short by working people.
  For example, let's say you promised to have a meeting from 5:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m.
  Many working people write "17:00-18:00 meeting" in their schedule book at this appointment
  Refuse to discuss other appointments that might conflict with that time, saying, "I have a prior engagement.
  If you use a conference room, take a conference room reservation.
  If a cancellation is notified at 5:00 p.m., the cost of preparation will not be returned.
		Canceling an appointment is not a "no harm done, no foul".
  It is the act of breaking a promise and burning someone else's bill
		Of course, sometimes we have no choice but to cancel due to unforeseen circumstances.
   If so, contact them promptly to minimize their loss.