Reset Bookshelf
An experiment to reset a bookshelf that was "stagnating" in a less than functional state.

	in advance
 	Prepare a sufficient amount of cardboard.
  	I bought [a box for Minicraft's books https://minikura.com/lineup/hako.html] because of the hassle I had to go through.
 Day 1
 	Pack all books on the bookshelf into cardboard boxes.
  	At this point, anything that is clearly unnecessary is immediately moved to the discard zone
   Put more and more in the box without taking the time to worry about it.
  Looking at the empty shelves
  Consider where the shelves should originally be and whether they are needed.
  	in my case
   	historical background
    	Initially there was a smaller size shelf A
     Stacked on top of each other with items of a size that won't fit.
    	Buying a bookcase that could properly put away the smaller books caused the smaller books to move there, but A remained in existence because of the pile of stuff on top of it.
     Miscellaneous things went into the subtle empty space.
    So I decided that the problem was that there were no appropriate shelves for large-sized items in the first place.
    Discard the smaller shelves and install shelves that can accommodate larger items in that space.
    	[Pulp board box, vertical A4 size, 2-tier, beige (2-tier) 37.5 x 29 x 73 cm https://www.muji.net/store/cmdty/detail/4945247549188?searchno=1]
 2nd day
 	Filter the books out of the box, lining them up on the floor.
  	Look at the front cover of every book at least once, when normally only the spine is visible.
   	[Same concept as the KJ method, making it easy to grasp the whole picture by making a list.
    Well, I can't lay them all out at once.
		Classification.
  	what to throw away
   What to put back on the bookshelf
    Items that you plan to use in the immediate future
    Items to be cut and scanned
    Something I hadn't planned to do but wanted to read again.
   What to sell at the Book-Off
   What to put back in the box
    Leaving it in the box means that it will be sent to Minicruz, i.e., it will cost 2,400 yen per box per year.
    Can it be thrown away, scanned, or sold? Think about it.
  reference
  	Wife's book quantity management system
   	Discard books to keep the quantity of books constant.
    I'll buy more if I think I need it.
    The book you buy again becomes information that you like it enough to buy it twice.
   I resisted this system under the pretext that "No, not all books can be bought again if you give them away.
   	But I never actually checked the percentage of such books, so it was just a pretext
    Typically, it's an academic journal...
    	There is no need to save the paper since some journals are digitized in the first place.
     Anything not digitized can be cut and scanned.
   The issue to be resolved is the psychological hurdle to discarding
   	Caused by fear that "if you throw it away, you'll never get it back."
   So correct "let go" to "pack it in a box and do it somewhere other than home" instead of "throw it away".
   	If I thought I needed it, I could take it back.
    And then the flag goes up saying, "It's something I was willing to pay the cost to get back.
    After a year without getting it back, you ask, "I didn't think I needed it for a year, but do I pay $2,400 to keep it for another year?" The question arises
	3rd day
 	Four boxes of cardboard have been processed, and about 1.7 boxes of books going to the minicrals.
  Talked with my wife about what we could put in the 0.3 more space.
  	Reminds me of the kind of catalogs that were tucked away in the pantry, not on the bookshelf.
  	Because of the large size of the plates, they could not fit on the bookshelf and were put away.
  	Very good for this system as it is difficult to re-purchase if you throw it away.
			It doesn't all fit, so we picked up some of it and put it in the miniclass box.
  The bookshelves are very clear.
  I bought a large shelf so I can store catalogs.