Payment of compensation
2018-04-30
	You should be paid [for providing value]."
 If you pay them, they're going to come to you for the money."
 These two ideas are at odds, but can be cessation
 Some people mistakenly believe that rewards are paid in money, but there are rewards that do not take the form of money: [non-monetary rewards].
 Money is a scarce good in market circulation
 　[Commodity cash]
  There are many goods that are not marketable.
 	What kind of value one perceives in goods is subjective to the recipient.
  	So the payer must make an effort to understand the subjectivity of the receiver.
    Large transaction costs
    	That can't be helped by the fact that the market is not well-developed.
     The employee is providing value that is not marketable in the first place.
     　If not, we can just buy them on the market without having to sign a troublesome employment contract.
   Even if what you're paying for is money, don't you have to make that effort?
   	Money is [quantitative KPI], so it also causes [wrong KPI setting] problems
   	I feel like I know what I'm doing by being a quantitative KPI.
    How much money is appropriate for one hour of overtime work?
    Whether you want to go home early because you have a birthday child waiting for you today, or whether you are single and have nothing to do even if you go home so you don't have to go home, it should be different for each receiver, but it is treated uniformly.
 [Money is gone when you spend it.]
  Knowledge and social capital will not disappear.
  To increase solvency, money should be invested to accumulate goods that are not in the market.
   What are the appropriate KPIs for this?
   	How to measure the accumulation of "goods" that are not valued in monetary terms
     On a monetary scale, ROI is zero because you get no monetary return on your investment.
     Cash flow is zero because only the minimum amount of incoming money is pooled in the form of money and the rest is invested.
     Net income is also zero because it has been spent as an investment.
    Are books of account for the giving and receiving of items that cannot be measured in money required?
	summary
 	Recipient B should be compensated for value provider A
  The reward is preferably goods that are not in marketable form, rather than money.
  What kind of things A values, B should make an effort to understand.
  B should invest money to increase his solvency and accumulate goods that are not in market circulation
