20180504Agile Writing Process
Many things are connecting together to finally create an agile writing process:
 1: One person brainstorms on Facebook, etc. (others may add comments)
 2: 1 to 2 hours of paired mach new writing (two people jointly edit a "mach new writing" with time divided between them, with the bullet points defined as the final product).
 3: You start the sale with a bullet point and a word count (MVP release).
 4: Have a private Facebook group that only buyers can join (gated community).
 5: Place the new Mach book in Scrapbox and allow collaborative editing within the community.

The first step needs to be as small as possible and can be done anywhere in a gap of time, and in my case that is currently the way I write it out on Facebook. You can do it publicly, or you can make it visible only to your friends, or only to yourself. If you are concerned about selling it later, you can do it privately.

Since what is produced at this stage is "from my point of view," it is possible that the words may not make sense or be self-indulgent. In writing a paper book, the process of improvement revolves around editorial comments on the manuscript.

In this case, instead of "the editor suggests changing the manuscript A to B, which is accepted and the manuscript is improved," it is "by observing that the editor suggested changing A to B, the author realizes that the original expression A has the elements (A1+A2+A3) and the reader may misunderstand A2 as B2, so he/she changes the expression to B2, The author realized that the original expression "A" had the elements (A1+A2+A3) and replaced it with another expression," etc. This is what happens. This means that an error occurred when the source code of the program was put into the compiler. This means that when the source code of the program was put into the compiler, an error occurred.

And this process is currently very long.

Well, perhaps the advantage of taking time is that the feedback comes back months after writing, which allows us to improve the original text by bashing it up from a third-party perspective.

Usually, the bullet points are called "draft headings" or "draft structure," and then there is the process of filling in the content, but the recent concept of the "Mach New Book" is that "it is okay to release the book at the bullet point stage in the first place," "it is okay if the readers are properly informed that it is bullet points before they buy it, and they buy it based on their agreement," "in a business model designed for physical distribution on paper, this quality and quantity cannot be distributed, but now it is a different distribution channel. If the reader understands and agrees to buy the book, there is no problem." "Under a business model based on physical paper distribution, this quality and quantity cannot be distributed, but now there are other distribution channels. innovation)

From an MVP perspective, it is futile to spend time writing a book that no readers will want to read, so you should spend less money to verify the existence of customers.

There is concern that the "1-2 hour paired Mach new book" is slightly unnecessarily increasing costs for being time-synchronous and time-bound, while the task of "organizing a scattered manuscript" is clearly "unclear" in its definition of done, so there is a risk of blue sky labor cost expenditures on the part of the editor role. On the other hand, the task of "organizing a scattered manuscript" is clearly "unclear on the definition of done," so there is a risk of a ceiling on labor cost expenditure on the part of the editor. In normal publishing, this is solved by concluding a revenue-sharing contract in which the author receives 10% and the publisher (editor) receives 90%. (There are many places that customarily do not sign a contract properly, so if there is a dispute, it will be a big one.)

A contract that says, "We will receive ~¥10,000 for two hours of paired Mach new book activities" would limit the cost.

Usually pair programming is, oops, this is what I mean. Until now, there has been no explanation in this text at all, as if "pair~" is being spoken of by analogy with "pair programming". The "third-party eye" has the effect of making me realize this sort of thing (though this time I noticed it myself).

Usually pair programming uses a rule where one person uses the keyboard and the other person is not allowed to touch the keyboard. Whether the same rule should be done in this case is debatable. In the case of pair programming, it is important to gain experience in understanding and acting on your own for the entire range by doing 100% of the work yourself. For example, advanced users unconsciously press the up arrow on the console, and if they don't know how to do that, they try to type it themselves.

Once you try to type it in yourself, it encourages the verbalization of the unverbalized "Oh, don't type that part, just press the up arrow and press Enter.

So this is an important rule for "education", on the other hand, what about for writing?

The author's thoughts must be organized and the author must be able to explain in his or her own words what he or she has written. This is the same as in programming. This state of affairs cannot be maintained if the text on the ground is edited directly and collaboratively by multiple people. On the other hand, communicating information only orally is also inefficient. It may be better to have a person who writes the main text and a person who can only insert footnotes.

If you are using Google Docs, this means the division of roles between those who use the comment function and those who edit the text.
 Yoshifumi Yamaguchi For example, is the same true when using the Suggestion function?
  I have a feeling that more than half of the time when an editor points out something, the solution is not "do as the editor says" but "rewrite the whole sentence (paragraph)", so you can Suggestion it, but it will be deleted immediately...
In Scrapbox, I'd have to Ctrl-i and hang it in the tree.

Can we do something about the annoying problem of making appointments for the new Pair Mach book?
 This is a problem that should be solved separately because it is a hassle to make appointments after all, so this time it is out of scope.

4 and 5 are not essential, as they are one way to create added value. On the other hand, if you view the bulleted release as an MVP, then of course there is a very important value in "observing the buyer's response".

The current paper book doesn't have much of that idea. This is because they are not developed in an agile manner to begin with. They don't have the image of frequently revising the book after it is released in paper form.

It is unknown what will happen with the 5 "place the manuscript in Scrapbox and allow co-editing". It is only unknown because few people have tried it. As long as the original manuscript is backed up properly, nothing is lost by allowing co-editing.

Q: Is there a proactive meaning to the use of Facebook groups?
A: No. You can use other tools. I choose Facebook Groups because "most people already have an account," "it's easy to create a private community," and "I've actually created and used a number of them.

[https://www.facebook.com/nishiohirokazu/posts/10215259161768872 Facebook]
