Meetings not bound by physics
Physics-bound meetings
	Participants come together at the same time
	Only one information transmission channel, voice, can be used at a time.
 	Inefficient when the goal is to give out a lot of information because while one person is talking, all the rest have to listen
 Whiteboard, a means of information sharing
  Whiteboards can be [co-edited], but
  	It's hard to see when you're editing because the physical presence of someone who can edit is in the way.
   The number of people who can edit at the same time is rather limited.
	Projectors are often used to project fixed slides
 	It is better to use a projector to show [Scrapbox], etc., which can be edited collaboratively.
[https://gyazo.com/df4bcba61314d5608a5f3ac5673d71aa]

If you want to have a meeting in VR that isn't tied to physics.
	Participants do not need to be all in one place.
 	A lot of people realize this.
  But we've been able to achieve this through videoconferencing.
 Everyone should speak at the same time
 	That voice should be garbled by voice recognition and float around.
  Assume that the voice is not a means of conveying information, but a signal that the output of information is now in the direction in which the voice is heard
  The voice will disappear instantly if you don't listen with concentration at the right moment when it is being uttered.
  	Words floating in space last longer.
   It's too much trouble to explicitly turn it off, so it should just fade gradually or get smaller and smaller.
   If you pick something important and mark it as important, it will be bigger and more noticeable.
  Not limited to voice, but can throw pictures, graphs, and data into the discussion.
[https://gyazo.com/6290dc136ce5795a4b14dc8c8bd3bb38]
	Freedom from time
 	Minutes are a medium for recording what was spoken in audio in the order in which it was spoken.
  For the minutes to be readable later, only one person should speak at a time.
   The story should not be scattered all over the place.
  For meetings in VR space, we could electronically record the time, place, and content of voice utterances and play them back.
  Piecing together floating words and information to create an organized structure through collaborative editing.
   Bringing together and structuring the opinions of several people
  Those who come later view the structured information
  	If you want to know how it came to be, "replay" the minutes.
	Meeting in a state where it is not possible to gather in time
 	One person expresses his/her opinion and creates a state of information floating in space.
  Another person comes in, looks at it, and gives their opinion.
  Another person comes in and looks at them and gives their opinion and structures them a little bit.
  This way we can have discussions among people who work in a time-dispersed manner.

[Freedom from Physics]