public invention
A patent cannot be granted without novelty and inventive step. [Patent Law, Article 29].

> (Requirements for patent)
>Article 29 Any person who has made an invention that can be industrially exploited may obtain a patent for such invention, except for the following inventions
>(i) Inventions publicly known in Japan or abroad prior to the filing of the patent application
>(ii) Inventions that have been publicly worked in Japan or in a foreign country prior to the filing of the patent application
>(iii) an invention described in a publication distributed in Japan or in a foreign country prior to the filing of the patent application or an invention made available to the public through an electric telecommunication line
>2 Where a person having ordinary knowledge in the art to which the invention pertains could easily have made the invention based on the inventions listed in the items of the preceding paragraph prior to the filing of the patent application, the invention shall not be granted a patent notwithstanding the provisions of the said paragraph.

Paragraph 1 of this Article 29 is novelty and paragraph 2 is inventive step.
The conditions for loss of novelty are 1) "publicly known inventions" are inventions that are publicly known and 2) "inventions that are publicly practiced" are inventions that are publicly practiced.

For example, consider the past question (I forget what year it was): "If X distributes a sample of a new sweetener before filing a patent application, and the person who obtains the sample, Y, can analyze it with a commercial analyzer and know the technical scope of the sweetener, can X be granted a patent? Since he did not publicly disclose the structure of the sweetener, etc., this invention is not publicly known. But it was a form of "assignment" that was publicly distributed.

[Patent Law, ยง 2]
> (Definition)
>Article 2 (Omitted)
>3 The term "working" as used in this Act with respect to an invention means any of the following acts
>(i) Objects (including programs, etc.; the same shall apply hereinafter) (i) In the case of an invention of a thing (including a program, etc.; the same shall apply hereinafter) (i) In the case of an invention of an object (including a Program, etc.; the same shall apply hereinafter), the production, use, transfer, etc. (meaning transfer and loan, including provision through telecommunication lines in the case where the object is a Program, etc.; the same shall apply hereinafter) of such object The same shall apply hereinafter). (2) The same shall apply hereinafter), export or import, or offer for transfer, etc. (including exhibition for the purpose of transfer, etc.; the same shall apply hereinafter). The same shall apply hereinafter). Act of transferring, etc. (including exhibition for the purpose of transferring, etc.; the same shall apply hereinafter)
>(ii) in the case of an invention of a method, the act of using the method
>(iii) in the case of an invention of a method of producing a thing, an act of using, assigning, etc., exporting or importing, or offering for assignment, etc., a thing produced by the method, in addition to what is listed in the preceding item
>(hereinafter abbreviated)

If you distribute samples after signing an NDA stating that you will not disclose the results of your analysis, it is not an open practice.

 What if X fed them on the spot instead of handing out samples?
 	It's "use" not "transfer," but is this a form of implementation?
  Y cannot analyze and know the structure, so it is not public?
 What about transferring it with a contract that prohibits analysis?