BMOT Special Class No. 1 "Intellectual Production
	[BMOT Series] Part 1
 Keywords: [intellectual production].
	2018-06-20
 [Facebook Live Video https://www.facebook.com/tomoya.tatekawa/videos/10212964983988418/]
  The challenge of being able to watch the live broadcast in real time and also be able to watch it back later.
  I recorded the event on Mr. Tachikawa's Mac, but the speaker moved around so much that the sound didn't pick up much (unfortunately).

	reference data
 	[/chiteki/01/2014 "Digital Blackboard" changes lectures].
  [/shiology/05157-180609 I think the first step to improving teaching is to stop the "lecture resume" thing.]

ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
Mr. Masuda gave us a real-time transcription! [/nocchi/nishio-san BMOT special class No.1 Intellectual Production].

ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
Supplemented by reviewing the video

 Talk about wanting to change preconceived notions of what a class is.
  What do you associate with the word "class?" "The teacher talks in front of the class and the students take notes." "I see.
  Recently, I've been auditing a class by Dr. Shiozawa at Seikei University.
   "The class is physical education."
   A place where knowledge is conveyed in a one-way manner is not good. A class where people think and discuss together = PE. In PE, it is impossible for only the teacher to move the body and the students to just watch. It is impossible, and yet it is done in subjects other than P.E. without a care in the world.
   The teacher is considered "class and lecture are different". This is very good. I, too, would like to give classes as activities that impart karma, rather than one-way lectures that impart knowledge.
  If you prepare 90 or so slides on the subject of "Intellectual Production," and then leave the room saying, "Thank you very much for your attention," it is not physical education at all.


 Q: "Q: Aren't you going to introduce yourself?" Uh, I wasn't going to at all.
  A story about a sideline article that was under fire.
   A story about how the title "I did it even if it was for free" was misinterpreted and flamed as "it's not good to do it for free."
   The purpose of the side job is learning, not money, hence the title, "I did it even if it was for free," but it didn't seem to get the point across very well
  Q: "Q: Doesn't the company say anything about side hustles?" A: The company is very welcoming of side hustles.

 Drucker was the very first person who got me thinking about intellectual production.
  [https://gyazo.com/3f00253d373d817846db5cae9c1ae5e0]
  One person does one person's work and one sock is made.
  Machines are introduced to increase productivity.
  At that time, Marx and others said that the capitalists who owned the equipment would take this increase in productivity, which would increase inequality and destabilize society, but in reality, this did not cause any major problems, and I don't know why.
  Production machines became more and more complex, and operating them required a lot of knowledge.
  
  Knowledge does not accumulate in the hands of capitalists, but in the hands of workers. Knowledge is transferred with the workers when the capitalist changes jobs because he or she doesn't like it.
  When I say "knowledge is capital," it tends to sound like what I mean is "the source of competitiveness is shifting from the availability of capital to the availability of knowledge." Drucker's post-capitalist society can be roughly summarized in one page as follows
  And based on this, in a capitalist society, capitalists reproduced by expansion, increasing the amount of profit they could make by investing the profits they made in new production equipment. So, in a post-capitalist society, what strategy will individual workers use to expand and reproduce?
  Of course, they'll expand and reproduce by investing in methods of intellectual production.
  It means investing excess time and spare funds in methods of knowledge production and acquisition.
  How can we obtain such knowledge that is difficult to obtain, rather than "commoditized knowledge" (knowledge that is easily available) that is circulated in books and other media?
   The "parallel work is a learning opportunity" mentioned briefly in the first half is relevant here.
  Addendum: Working graduate students are investing their extra time and extra money into the knowledge acquisition opportunity of graduate study in the first place. It may not have been verbalized, but many in this room have chosen this strategy.

 The phase in which the story begins to become convoluted when the question is asked what knowledge is, and the answer is practical knowledge.
 	I was imagining [the definition of scholarship in the study].
  It was further complicated by the keyword "tacit knowledge" in the context of not yet formalized or expressed. It was not appropriate because tacit knowledge has two meanings.
   You use the terms "tacit knowledge" and "formal knowledge" as synonyms, but if you haven't read the book, you don't know what you're talking about.
    Would they know if they had read it in the first place?
    The term tacit knowledge is used in at least two ways."
     Polanyi's [Dimensions of Tacit Knowledge].
     [Knowledge Creation Company]."
     Ikujiro Nonaka's [SECI model]:.
      A model in which knowledge creation in an organization is carried out through the transformation of tacit knowledge → formal knowledge → tacit knowledge.
     When I look back at the discussion (what is knowledge, practical knowledge, etc.), I feel that there are "abstract words" floating around that are not rooted in solid experience, and that I need to work on bringing those floating words down to the ground.
   The tacit knowledge-formal knowledge counterpart is a model proposed by one person, Ikujiro Nonaka, who said, "It would be clearer if we thought of it this way," but it does not provide an answer to the question of what knowledge is. It is only a way of thinking and interpretation, not the truth.
    Ikujiro Nonaka's tacit knowledge is knowledge that has not been verbalized.
   Formal knowledge, knowledge that can be described, and formal knowledge is not necessarily linked to results, so there must be other axes.
  By the way, to add to this, "collaboration" in the SECI model means that we can communicate things that are not clearly verbalized by working together in the same place like this.
   The very fact that these discussions take place is the equivalent of exercise in physical education.
   This is related to the idea that "classes are not one-way lectures that convey information, but classes for acquiring karma, and classes are physical education." Physical education cannot be acquired just by looking at books; it is acquired through repeated actual practice.

 Q: "The story is unstructured and difficult to understand."
  A: There is nothing you can do about that. If you take the time to prepare lecture materials in advance, you can convey information in a structured manner, but then the audience becomes passive, just like watching TV. If we aim for free dialogue and interaction, we lose control of the flow.
  A very brief description of the contents of the 12-hour workshop (not conveyed)
  It is possible to create structured content through waterfall development, in which what is to be said is determined in advance and designed to scale. However, this is not possible with agile development, where the value to be provided changes based on the customer's reaction onsite.
  Agile development: a style of development in which small units are released quickly, observing customer reactions and learning what leads to customer value
  The same goes for university lectures: create the syllabus in advance, design it accordingly, and release it once a year, and the next time you make improvements, it will be a year later, and so on.
		If you want well-composed and structured materials in advance, it is very costly to prepare them, and the recipient will have to pay a reasonable price.

 Talk about the for/while metaphor being difficult to understand.
  I've gotten comments like that, but my cooking skills are so limited that I don't know how to compare it to cooking."
  What is the difference between a for statement and a while statement? Mirin and Sake, Sashimi knife and Dewa knife.
		I don't know how to use the different types of salt, the results are obviously different, it's awful."
  From someone who has already mastered the skill, it feels "obviously different".

 Pointing out that management may want to keep the knowledge in the organization.
  When management encourages descriptions to remain in the organization, it becomes formal knowledge, written knowledge.
  On the other hand, when a program does not work well, the process of finding out what is wrong with the program is a know-how that has not been well verbalized.
  Buying and using written knowledge and equipment that is not tied to a specific individual does not lead to competitive advantage. This is because other firms can procure knowledge and equipment in the same way.

 Depending on whether you try to improve the process or move as you are told, it may or may not be intellectual production, even though the work may appear to be the same.
  Thinking of ideas" is not the only form of intellectual production.
  For example, there is a huge amount of information, and how to handle it is a matter of process improvement.
  'So what kind of work isn't intellectual production?' When the process is clearly defined and no attempt is made to improve it."
  Clarify the problem: "Things aren't going well at the moment, but what exactly is the problem?
  Some jobs may be suitable for writing out on post-its and some may not, and I can't imagine writing out improvements to factory processes on post-its.
   Not having an image is not the same as it being useful. Writing it down and sharing it should be useful.
  'Does being aware of a problem change whether you're intellectually productive or not?' If you don't have an awareness of the problem, you will probably just do your job by tracing the methods you are given. Even if the same job is given to you, will you reproduce it in an expanded way so that you can use that time to invest in yourself?"
   I'm not talking here about a problem and trying hard to improve the company or something noble like that, but rather, "If I work as I'm told to do in my limited time in my life, I don't have many opportunities to learn, and it's simply a loss if I don't have many opportunities to learn.
　　I heard it pointed out that Toyota's factories can turn around without improving their processes and so on. It was pointed out that, on the contrary, Toyota's factories are designed with a high probability of failure, with an emphasis on quickly identifying problems that need to be improved, and that they gain insight into where improvements should be made through the daily occurrence of failures, which was the topic of discussion. When the concept was exported and re-imported, somehow it turned into a lukewarm "let's visualize tasks by putting sticky notes on a whiteboard" kind of talk.
   [Toyota Kata] and [Kanban Work Method].

 Q: "Q: What is the scope of raising intellectual productivity? Is it limited to software-based things? Or chairs or eating habits?"
  A: Not limited to software. There are four ways to augment humans: artifacts, methodology, language, and education. Trying to solve this problem with software is a narrow-minded attempt to do something with artifacts alone."
  'Carbohydrates make me sleepy, and I've actually experimented with measuring blood sugar to see how it affects me, N=1, but personally I don't see much of a correlation.'
  One type of "intellectual productivity" is "programmer productivity," and "[the technology behind coding]" explains how programmers' intellectual production has improved with advances in programming languages.

 Examples of specific methods of intellectual production
  First of all, many people already do this, but if you haven't, this is very beneficial and you should do it. Second, what happens after writing? The solution to this problem is to arrange them in a list.
  Difficult to keep information in the brain when it is written down, 100 sticky notes cannot be handled by the brain alone; 100 sticky notes are about this size when laid out on a desk, so you can list them without having to memorize them. Externalize memory. A methodology to increase human working memory capacity by using artifacts such as sticky notes and desks.
  Write down ideas on sticky notes so you can list them and then think about them.
  The means are not limited to lining up sticky notes on a desk, but can be viewed on a large display or on a whiteboard, but some form of listing is necessary.
  What is to be done after making it possible to list them? If you categorize this, you will not be able to generate new ideas. You will only reproduce the [frame by assumption] in your brain. [Do not categorize.]
  Reduce the apparent amount by bundling and adding a front cover.
  KJ method
   People who have heard of the KJ method" --> almost all
   People who use the KJ method" → several people

 Classroom Design by Audience
  How about the audience telling the instructor what kind of value they expect from him or her?
  The skill of the recipient may be questioned.
  	Do I need to think about whether I should dig deeper into this story or get back on track?
  Opinion that it is fun to go with the flow
  	I don't want to control when I want to be stimulated because if I try to take it in the direction I want it to go, I get closer to what I already have.

 Q: Is there a scale to measure intellectual productivity?
  Intellectual production involves a lot of things that are not measurable in the first place.
   Drucker's concept of the "knowledge worker"
  If it is an improvement of an existing process, the time saved can be used as an indicator. There is no general measure of intellectual production that can be measured in this way.
  Taylor's scientific management method is the classic method
  What is not measurable cannot be managed.
   A portion of the task can be cut out and converted into something measurable.
   For example, if you cut out "write out 100 sticky notes about what you are going to talk about" as part of the "big task" of giving a 90-minute talk, this can measure progress.

 It is often said that productivity in Japan is low, WHY?
  → Isn't it because they don't want to improve a given process?
   →Why does it happen?
    I consider it not good to deviate from such education/rules.
    Analyzing a job is considered skipping or hostile action.

 When I wrote my first book (Jython Programming), I was just an engineer and had no idea of writing a book for customer value; what I learned at MOT led me to believe that I needed to fulfill customer value, and I aimed to solve the customer's blurred concerns I wrote the book. That is the technology behind coding.

 The story of knowledge production and knowledge acquisition, not verbally answered, but you can't suddenly produce something from nothing (even new ideas are mostly a combination of existing elements), so you have to learn it first, and then modify it or combine it to make it better.

 Q: "Q: Is it intentional to say 'parallel work' instead of 'sub-work'?" A: "A: The term 'parallel work' is used in the sense of parallel work rather than subwork, and I personally think it is better to say 'parallel work rather than subwork' because it is not understood or mistakenly misinterpreted when it is explained verbally."

 Pointing out that value may also be created by advertising, "This knowledge is valuable."
  If the market reacts by advertising, it is beneficial.

I was actually thinking of interrupting the question phase every 15 minutes or so, but I forgot.

I think it was Drucker who said something close to this, "Take responsibility for your own competitiveness."

 Talk about being able to participate even from remote locations since the event is being broadcast online via Facebook Live.

ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
	Conversations at the reception
 	If you only want to receive information one-way, you can use video distribution, and such classes should be held at the Open University.
  Coursera and others can solve assignments and get micro-degrees.
  A world where what is learned is visualized -> [signaling].
  The only rule of brainstorming is to "record all ideas submitted."
   Many people don't read the originals.
  Polanyi Tacit Knowledge
  Good tool for KJ method apisnote.com

ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
Technical Notes
	Screen sharing from iPad Pro to Apple TV
	Write bulleted notes in Scrapbox, open in Safari, and use gestures to zoom and scroll
 	Somehow along the way I opened Chrome and was confused because I couldn't zoom in.
 Broadcast live on Facebook Live using the camera on Mr. Tachikawa's machine (video will also be available later).
 	Problems caused by a fixed camera and the instructor moving around violently
  	Sometimes the lecturer is not shown, well, sometimes the audio is not picked up properly.
  Improvements:.
  	Convert a relay camera to a 360-degree camera.
  	What should I do with the microphone?
    Worst case scenario, if you put a wireless mic on the instructor, you can pick up only the instructor's voice.
    If the instructor continues the style of listening by the questioner, that microphone could pick up the questioner's voice as well.
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
Note by Mr. Tachikawa
 Scrapbox addresses are shared in advance.
 it is best to handwrite notes
 Sharing a map of what we are talking about
 Whiteboards are useful in the sense of "keeping everyone in line of sight".
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
handwritten notebook
[https://gyazo.com/c43f94ec379c50fa1953fff425f21de4]

[https://gyazo.com/3f00253d373d817846db5cae9c1ae5e0]

[https://gyazo.com/31e5b54a1b64c760f33d9c1622d72fe9]

[https://gyazo.com/83c16f5b4095ed1575baa4dbb13c8706]
[https://gyazo.com/bdae91bd56620e2a41b727f1b36dbd58]
[https://gyazo.com/5c8ed9474ff3b9d26150495cfe2ca6e3]

ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
[https://gyazo.com/eeb8344eefcb74bd4bea43713b02e44c]

ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
 Announcement by Mr. Tachikawa
  I'm the president of BMOT, an organization of alumni of the Department of Technology Management.
  Nishio: Associate Professor since April
  Experimental classes with no lecture materials prepared in advance
  Confirmation of timetable
   5 minutes of explanation of MOT.
 self-introduction
  Mr. Tachikawa's point of view:.
   OB 2014
   Cybozu Labs Groupware
   Unexplored Association Some sort of alumni organization
   double-dealing

[Intellectual Productivity]
 

The direction of the story jumps so far here and there that it's hard to grasp the big picture.
 

	The concept of "[class]"
  Teacher speaks in front and students take notes
  A class is a place where participants can improve their intellectual productivity in the future.
 	defy conventional wisdom
 	Utilize information technology

 Past Lectures on Intellectual Production
  [Self-Management Strategies for Engineers].
  [Learning Technology for Engineers].
  [Kyoto University Summer Design School 2014] "[Design for Learning]"
 He had a style of speaking with lots of lecture material.
  The roles are divided into "speaker" and "listener."
  It becomes a one-sided listening forum, like television.
 Emphasis on dialogue
  [class is physical education]
  You can't learn something just by receiving information one way or the other.

	Interrupt question period rather frequently.

 Lectures and Classes
 lecture
  Daijirin (major dictionary published by Sanseidou)
   >to explain orally to people the meaning or content of a doctrine, book, thing, etc. Also, the story of the explanation.
 lesson
  >Activities conducted by teachers to help students acquire knowledge and skills in various fields. Traditionally, teacher-centered classes such as lectures and simultaneous teaching were used, but today, under the influence of the new education system, students' independence and experience are valued, and there are a variety of teaching methods.
   International Encyclopedia Britannica, Small Encyclopedia
 Various teaching methods

 Professor Kazuhiro Shiozawa, Seikei University Faculty of Law
  Auditing.
  Advanced, even from my perspective working for an IT company.
   [/chiteki/01/2014 "Digital Blackboard" changes lectures].
   [/shiology/05157-180609 Stopping "lecture resumes" may be the first step to improving teaching]
  Valuable skills → Let's do it!

	Not "plan well in advance and get it done."
 	Situations where knowledge acquisition is of high importance
  We want to get customer feedback as quickly as possible.
   [Lean Startup]
  	Start small and release quickly
    [Agile]

	Intellectual Production
 	[Tomoya Tachikawa.icon]How did you discover this?
  	[nishio.icon]I don't feel like I've discovered anything, I just do what's natural.
   Flow to reach the current point
    Drucker said knowledge is capital, and I see what he meant.
    After the Industrial Revolution, capitalists invested their capital in production equipment to expand and reproduce.
    What needs to be done to expand and reproduce knowledge capital
    Invest capital in the acquisition of knowledge
    	And I decided to attend Tokyo Tech MOT.
    In particular, invest in technology that produces knowledge
			I don't trust the "new way."
   	[Test of time].
  	What exactly are we doing now?
   	It is a classic [the KJ method].
				I have been using it for a long time and am convinced of its usefulness
    I have been telling people about the advantages of the KJ method on various occasions, but not many people around me have started using it.
    Why?


 [Export method]
 [KJ method]
 [Scrapbox]

	Do you want to talk about [parallel work]?


-----
	Early on, we were considering this project under the name [Mach Lecture].
		I looked up the word "lecture" itself and found that it has a strong "one-sided" feel to it, which is not good.
  Mach" is to reduce the burden of advance preparation for the speaker, [nishio.icon], and does not directly benefit the participants
  When writing the recruitment text, I discussed it with [Tomoya Tachikawa.icon] and thought it would be better to focus on "interactive" and "two-way
