Revised copyright law to take effect in 2019
In the revision of the Copyright Act that will take effect on January 1, 2019, there are changes that will have a significant impact on the industries that [nishio.icon] is likely to be involved in, so we summarize.

>(1) Flexible provisions on restrictions on rights in response to the progress of digitization and networking (related to Article 30-4, Article 47-4, Article 47-5, etc.)
	>Allow the use of copyrighted works for services, etc.* utilizing big data that do not adversely affect the market for copyrighted works, without permission.
	>In order to promote the creation of innovation, provisions should be developed that provide some degree of abstraction so that they can flexibly accommodate new ways of using copyrighted works in the future as information and communication technology progresses.
  [MEXT http://www.mext.go.jp/b_menu/houan/an/detail/1401718.htm]

[nishio.icon]Articles 30 to 50 of the Copyright Act are Chapter II Authors' Rights, Section 3 Content of Rights, Subsection 5 Restrictions on Copyright. This is a provision that restricts the author's rights (such as prohibiting others from copying) when certain conditions are met, so that anyone can freely copy, etc. A number of new additions were made here. In other words, "more things you are free to do.

Article 30-4.
	Formerly "Use for testing for the development or practical application of technology."
 New "use not for the purpose of enjoying the ideas or emotions expressed in the work"
 Substantial additions and corrections were made.
 >A work may be exploited, regardless of the method used, to the extent deemed necessary, in the following cases and in other cases where the purpose is not to enjoy the ideas or sentiments expressed in the work for oneself or to make others enjoy them. However, (hereinafter abbreviated)
  > (ii) for the use of information analysis (...)
 	> (iii) in addition to the cases listed in the preceding two items, when the work is used in the course of information processing by computer or for any other use (omitted), without any perceptual recognition of the expression of the work by human perception
		proviso
  	>Article 4 The term "use" in the preceding paragraph shall mean the use of a work in a manner that is reasonably necessary in the interests of the copyright holder; provided, however, that this shall not apply where such use would be unreasonably prejudicial to the interests of the copyright holder in light of the type and use of such work and the manner of such use.
  Definition of Information Analysis
  	>"Extracting, comparing, classifying, or otherwise analyzing information pertaining to language, sound, images, or other elements that constitute said information from a large number of works or other large amounts of information. The same shall apply in Article 47-5(1)(ii).
		Paragraph 3: Abbreviated part
  	>In the case of a work of a program, the execution of said work in a computer is excluded.

Relatedly, the current law has these provisions
> (Reproduction for information analysis, etc.)
>Article 47-7 A work shall be subject to information analysis (meaning the extraction, comparison, classification and other statistical analysis of information pertaining to language, sound, images and other elements constituting said information from a large number of works and other large amounts of information; the same shall apply hereinafter in this Article) by computer. The same shall apply hereinafter in this Article). (2) In the case where the purpose of a work is to record or adapt (including the recording of a derivative work created thereby; the same shall apply hereinafter in this Article) a work on recording media to the extent that it is deemed necessary (2) The following is the same as in this Article. However, this shall not apply to database works created for the use of persons who perform information analysis.
	What was referred to in this article as "comparison, classification, or other statistical analysis" is now "comparison, classification, or other analysis" in the new law, which also includes non-statistical analysis.
 The part of this article that says "may be recorded or adapted (...) on a recording medium" is changed to "may be used regardless of which method is used" in the new law.

Article 47-4.
	Formerly "temporary reproduction for maintenance, repair, etc."
 New "Use, etc. Incidental to the Use of a Work on a Computer
 It has been rewritten quite heavily.
 >Works to be made available for computer use (...) may be used, to the extent deemed necessary, in the following cases and other cases where the works are intended to be made available for use incidental to said computer use in order to facilitate the smooth and efficient computer use of the said works in the same manner. (2) A work may be used, regardless of the method used, to the extent that it is deemed necessary to do so.
 	Supplemental Use
  	>(including use by means of information and telecommunications technology) The same shall apply hereinafter in this Article.
 	proviso
  	>Article 4 The term "use" in the preceding paragraph shall mean the use of a work in a manner that is reasonably necessary in the interests of the copyright holder; provided, however, that this shall not apply where such use would be unreasonably prejudicial to the interests of the copyright holder in light of the type and use of such work and the manner of such use.
 	>(i) When a work is used in a computer by means of a reproduction of the said work, or when a work is transmitted by wireless or wire telecommunications and the said transmission is received and used, in the course of information processing by the said computer for such use, when the said work is recorded on the recording media of the said computer for the purpose of smooth or efficient processing of the said information. (ii) when the works are recorded on the recording medium of said computer for the purpose of smooth or efficient processing of said information in the course of information processing by said computer for such use.
 	>2. When a person who provides automatic public transmission devices for the automatic public transmission of others in the course of business, in order to prevent delay or obstruction in the automatic public transmission of such others or to efficiently relay automatic public transmissions of works made available for transmission, and when works made available for transmission for such automatic public transmission are When recording on a recording medium
 	>(iii) When providing information by means of information and telecommunications technology, when recording or adapting the information onto a recording medium for the purpose of processing information by a computer necessary for the preparation of smooth or efficient provision of said information.
 >2 Works made available for computer use may be used, regardless of the method used, in the following cases and other cases where the purpose is to maintain or restore the state in which the said works can be used on computers in the same way, to the extent deemed necessary to do so, (2) The use of a work may be made by any method, to the extent deemed necessary for such purpose. However, this shall not apply where such use would unreasonably prejudice the interests of the copyright holder in light of the type and use of the work and the manner of such use.
  >(i) In the case of temporarily recording works recorded on a recording medium other than said built-in recording medium (hereinafter referred to as "built-in recording medium" in this item and the following item) in order to perform maintenance or repair of equipment containing a recording medium (hereinafter referred to as "maintenance or repair" in this item and the following item) (i) when works recorded on a recording medium other than said internal recording medium (hereinafter in this item and the following item referred to as "internal recording medium") are temporarily recorded on said internal recording medium for the purpose of maintenance or repair of equipment with internal recording medium, and after said maintenance or repair, when said works are recorded on said internal recording medium
		>(ii) When works recorded on an internal recording medium are temporarily recorded on a recording medium other than said internal recording medium in order to exchange the equipment with built-in recording medium for equipment with similar functions, and recorded on the internal recording medium of the equipment with similar functions
		>3. When a person who provides an automatic public transmission device for the automatic public transmission of another person in the course of business records a work on a recording medium to provide for the restoration of a lost or damaged copy of a work made available for transmission by said automatic public transmission device.

Article 47-5.
> (Minor use, etc. incidental to information processing by computers and provision of the results thereof)
>A person (*1) who performs any of the acts listed in the following items which contribute to the promotion of the use of works by creating new knowledge or information through information processing by means of a computer (*2) may, to the extent deemed necessary for the purpose of the acts listed in the respective items, use a work (*3) (limited to published works or works made available for transmission) which has been provided or presented (*4) to the public (limited to works which have been made available for transmission) in a manner incidental to the said acts. (*2)), to the extent deemed necessary for the purpose of the acts listed in the respective items, the person (*1) shall, incidental to the said acts and regardless of which method is used, make use of the work (limited to the portion of the work made available to the public, the amount of the portion made available for use, the accuracy of the representation when made available for use, and other elements). (2) The exploitation is limited to a minor exploitation in light of the percentage of the portion of the work presented for public use, the amount of the portion used, the accuracy of the representation when used, and other factors. (Hereinafter referred to as "Minor Use" in this Article.) (hereinafter in this Article referred to as "Minor Use").
	>However, (*4)
 >(i) to retrieve, using a computer, the title or author's name of a work in which the information (*5) sought by the retrieval is recorded, the transmission source identification code (*6) pertaining to the retrieval information made available for transmission, and other information concerning the identification or location of the retrieval information, and to provide the results thereof
 >2. To analyze information by computer and to provide the results of such analysis.
	>(iii) In addition to what is listed in the preceding two items, acts of creating new knowledge or information and providing the results thereof through information processing by computers, which are specified by a Cabinet Order as contributing to the improvement of convenience in the lives of citizens.
>2Any person who prepares the acts listed in each item of the preceding paragraph (limited to those who collect, organize and provide information for the preparation of said acts in accordance with the standards specified by a Cabinet Order) (2) A person who prepares for an act listed in each item of the preceding paragraph (limited to a person who collects, arranges, and provides information in preparation for said act in accordance with the standards specified by Cabinet Order) may reproduce or publicly transmit (in the case of automatic public transmission, including making transmittable) a work presented for public consumption, to the extent deemed necessary for preparation for minor use under the same paragraph. The same shall apply hereinafter in this paragraph and in paragraph (2), item (ii) of the following Article. (2) A person may reproduce or publicly transmit (including making transmittable in the case of automatic public transmission) or distribute copies of a work for public use to the extent that such reproduction or public transmission is necessary for the preparation of the work for public use. However, this shall not apply where the interests of the copyright holder would be unjustly impaired in light of the type and intended use of the work presented for public transmission, the number of copies made or distributed, and the manner of said reproduction, public transmission or distribution.
	*1 The person who performs the act
 	>Including a person who performs a part of said act, and limited to a person who performs said act in accordance with the standards specified by a Cabinet Order.
 *2 Presentation
 	>Including making transmittable. The same shall apply hereinafter in this Article.
 *3 Definition of publicly offered and presented works
  >"Publicly offered and presented works" in this Article and paragraph (2), item (ii) of the following Article.
	*4 Notes
 	>(2) In the case where the minor use is made knowing that the offer or presentation to the public of a work for public offer or presentation infringes a copyright (in the case of offer or presentation to the public made outside Japan, it would constitute copyright infringement if it had been made in Japan), or in the case where such minor use would be unreasonably prejudicial to the interests of the copyright owner in light of the type and intended use of the work for public offer or presentation and the manner of such minor use, the copyright owner shall be deemed to be the copyright owner. This shall not apply in cases where the minor use is made with knowledge of the type and use of the work presented to the public and the manner of such minor use, and where such minor use would unjustly prejudice the interests of the copyright owner.
	*5
 	>"Retrieval Information" in this item below.
	*6 Source Identification Code
 	>"Character, number, symbol, or other code that identifies the transmission source of an automatic public transmission.

In relation to this, the current law provides for the following
>(Reproduction, etc. for the purpose of retrieving the source identification code of the information made available for transmission, etc.)
>Article 47-6 Upon request from the public, the government may, in response to a request from the public, provide source identifiers (meaning letters, numbers, symbols, or other codes to identify the transmission source of automatic public transmission; the same shall apply hereinafter in this article) pertaining to information made available for transmission. The same shall apply hereinafter in this Article.) Article 4 Any person who engages in the search for and provision of the results of the search (including those who engage in a part of said business, and limited to those who collect, organize and provide transmittable information in accordance with the standards specified by Cabinet Order) of information made available for transmission (2) A person engaged in the business of collecting, arranging and providing information made available for transmission (including a person engaged in a part of such business, limited to a person who collects, arranges and provides information made available for transmission in accordance with the standards specified by Cabinet Order) shall, to the extent deemed necessary for conducting such search and providing the results thereof, search for works made available for transmission (in cases where automatic public transmission pertaining to such works requires input of information to identify recipients or other means are provided to restrict reception of such automatic public transmission, the consent of the person who has taken such means for reception of such automatic public transmission shall be required. (limited to those that have obtained the consent of the person who has taken such means with respect to the reception of such automatic public transmission) (2) The recording on a recording medium or the making of an adaptation (including the recording of a derivative work created thereby) of a work (including the recording of a derivative work created thereby) and the making of a request for the same from the public (2) The same shall apply hereinafter in this Article), and upon request from the public, to reproduce a work (including reproductions of secondary works pertaining to said work) recorded on said recording medium, together with the provision of the transmission source identification code pertaining to the information made available for transmission in connection with said request. Hereinafter in this Article referred to as "record for providing search results") recorded on said recording medium, together with the provision of the transmission source identification code pertaining to the information enabling the transmission.  (2) The following is a list of the copyright holders of the works
