Amateur ideas may appear original in oral presentations, but they are not feasible.
["Cognitive Approaches to Creative Activity"] ["Cognitive Approaches to Creative Activity"]
This paper compares an amateur who has never used Mindstorms with the winner and runner-up of a robot contest (hereafter referred to as "experts") in the task "Create a robot that makes creative progress with [Lego Mindstorms].

 The results of the evaluation of [originality] by a number of university students after a presentation with photos and explanatory text regarding the idea showed no difference in originality between the experts and the amateurs.
 However, most amateurs failed to realize the idea.
 Amateurs who were able to realize their ideas rated lowest in originality. #Ideas realized

constraints
 During the ideation phase, Genji paid attention to the number of components and other constraints.
 In a previous study by Finke et al. "imposing constraints on the parts, categories, and functions of the output increases the rate at which creative works are produced.
 Gen. had put this to good use.

Change of plan
 There was no significant difference in the number of plan changes based on failure, but the number of plan changes not based on failure was significantly higher for Gen.
 When there was a failure in a part, mechanism, or algorithm factor, there was no significant difference in the number of times the same factor was corrected, but significantly more Gen Xers corrected the different factors.

Personal Opinion: I think that Genin has an execution model in his brain, which allows him to conduct "experiments in the brain" that cannot be observed from the outside.
I would like to know what exactly was the "non-failure based plan change."
What appears to the observer in this experiment as "working well, i.e., the plan was changed even though it was not a failure" is actually a phenomenon of "a difference between the execution results in the brain model and the reality," and the plan is modified based on the difference between the execution results in the brain.

paper
 https://ci.nii.ac.jp/naid/110002809196

orthographical variants
　[LEGO creativity experiment]
