The Case of the Missing iPad
	2018-06-14
 An incident in which an iPad that was used to take notes in a college class the next day and was also scheduled to be used in a lecture the following day went missing.

details
	Travel to the company lounge with a PC for videoconferencing and an iPad for taking notes at hand
	The other party contacted me to chat instead of videoconferencing, so I put my iPad aside and chatted with them using my PC
 (T1) Leave your iPad in the lounge after you finish
 (T2) When returning home, I pack my bag with various items I keep at the office.
 At night, when he tries to prepare for the next day's class, he realizes he doesn't have his iPad.
  >I'm scratching my head at the situation where I can only assume that I left the all-important iPad at work with the AppleTV for the presentation on the iPad, the PC for fallback if things go wrong, and the PC for VR development in my bag. How did I miss something that big.... I guess I'll just have to take my notes for tomorrow's 1st period class on paper after all these years...
 The next day, I had no choice but to go to the office to look for it. I was impatient because it was not on my seat, but I found it in the lounge.

relapse prevention
	At T1, why did we miss it and how can we avoid missing it?
 At T2, why didn't I notice that the iPad was not at hand, how could I miss it?

 When moving from place to place, look back to make sure you haven't forgotten anything.
  But we can forget that.

 No fixed location for iPad
  Take out the iPad with the whole tote bag and place it in a conspicuous place.
   The presence of this tote in the sky conveys the absence of the iPad.

 Write [list of belongings] on a piece of paper and post it on your desk.
  When they leave, they "look at what is on their desks and pick out what they should bring back and put it in" with the intention of "putting in what they should bring back," so they do not notice it if the iPad is not back on their desks.
  Make a checklist of what should be in your bag.

  Column of things you always walk around with
   Something special you're taking with you and should bring back.
    Post a sticky note.

 	Write down the contents of your bag without looking at it.
  	Compare what you wrote down with what you actually have.


