Proposed countermeasures when a teacher tries to confiscate a phone.
I heard that there have been cases of teachers confiscating phones that children were given to carry as a precaution against earthquakes, in favor of school rules. I wonder how they are going to take responsibility if something happens to them. I think it's so terrible that I thought of a way to protect myself.

First, let's assume that the phone is not something that the child bought on his/her own with his/her allowance, but something that the parent bought and allows the child to use. In other words, suppose that the parents allow the child to use the phone, but do not allow him to dispose of it on his own.

Handing over a smartphone that belongs to a parent to a teacher (transferring the right of possession of the smartphone to the teacher) is a legal act and requires the consent of a legal representative (such as a parent) for a minor to do so. (Civil Code Article 5)

Article 5 of the Civil Code (Legal acts of minors)
> Article 5 A minor shall obtain the consent of his/her statutory representative before performing a legal act. However, this shall not apply to legal acts merely to obtain rights or to be relieved of obligations.
> 2 Legal acts contrary to the provisions of the preceding paragraph may be revoked.
> 3 Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (1), property for which the statutory representative has determined the purpose and permitted the minor to dispose of it may be freely disposed of by the minor within the scope of that purpose. The same shall apply when disposing of property that has been permitted to be disposed of without specifying the purpose.

Therefore, if a teacher tells you that he/she will confiscate your phone, you should refuse to hand it over, claiming that "I am a minor and I need to get my parents' consent if I want to give you my parents' phone.

It is important to prevent confiscation from occurring because you do not want an earthquake to occur between the time of confiscation and the time you get it back, but let's say it has already been confiscated. In that case, use the provisions of paragraph 2 to revoke the transfer of the right of possession.
> 2 Legal acts contrary to the provisions of the preceding paragraph may be revoked.
The minor himself/herself can revoke it, but it is probably smoother if a parent says so.
	My child has turned over my phone to you and I revoke it because I did not agree to this.
 I would like you to promptly return my phone that you are occupying.
 In addition, regarding the receipt of the phone from you, I would like you to give it to my child, as my child is my agent.
I think it is a good idea.

I guess I will tell them that if the teachers do not take up this claim, I will file a claim for damages. I hope this will be resolved quickly without complicating things so much.
>(Action to recover possession)
> Article 200 When a possessor is deprived of his/her possession, he/she may demand the return of the thing and compensation for damages through an action for recovery of possession.

PS
Depending on the wording of the school rules, it is possible that the parents have given prior consent for the teacher to take possession of the phone brought to school. For example, if the wording says, "The teacher will take care of the phone brought in against the school rules," it can be interpreted as prior consent for the teacher to hand it over.

