The last summer course table E in the Heisei period
I was curious about the discussion at Table E of [Social Security and PoliTech in the Era of 100 Years of Life], so I watched the time-shifted version and watched the notes.
[https://gyazo.com/ed35217c0df532334b3af98b973bca24]

	Topic: Children
  To get outside help, we have to get the data out of the government.
  	We've been saying since 2010 that we need to link data, so why haven't we done it yet?
   Can't share information with outside departments, it's private information.
   NPOs can't touch it, and a mechanism is needed to "do it right" for municipal data linkage.
  80% of men do not pay child support after divorce.
  On-site, handwritten, paper, fax, it's impossible, time is wasted on overhead costs alone.
  	Crush the "we can't do it because we don't have the budget" excuse by giving out the information sharing infrastructure for free.
  Mother pressure, fear of telling others about your weaknesses
  Need point movement, consistent support
  	Budget is also divided, individual budgets are too small to include.
   Aizu Wakamatsu is using LINE Bot to respond to inquiries from citizens. Since inquiries from citizens are not very different, the technology can be easily deployed horizontally, but the budget is too small to implement it.
  Even if data is obtained, it is difficult to link different systems in different municipalities
   Network externalities work in the system, a form in which the same thing is contained in the whole country is preferred.
   U.S. tax returns Compulsory
   Enforcement by law to encourage the introduction of the system
   Japanese follow the rules, so just make the rules.
  Weak privacy laws, so I can't do it because I'm scared "what if they get mad at me for doing it?
  	What is OK to do should be clarified.
   Information Distribution
   Many listed companies also try to do such things for the purpose of social contribution, but in the end, they tend to fall back on compact measures due to the fear that "some people might get angry.
  Why don't you create a community, even if it's just on Facebook?
  	Alternative to the company as a village/community
  Need someone to watch "He hasn't been active lately."
  	Mental room, health center, virtual school/company
  Bunkyo Ward 1000 households
  	fatherless family
   Can't afford the time to be active in the community
   Hence "outreach."
   People who can afford to go to those in need need need to help.
		Case Study [Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo Please cooperate with "Kodomo Homeshoku" project. ~Let's bring smiles to children's faces~ http://www.city.bunkyo.lg.jp/kyoiku/kosodate/takushoku.html]
 		Why did Children's Home Catering get the data from Bunkyo Ward?
   Sheikh's decision-making
   Possible if the government and NPO sign an outsourcing agreement.
   They don't know that.
 	Think first that the government can't do it.
  　We need the help of motivated people.
   Then you'd have to provide data for that.
  It's hard to just wait for volunteers.
  	He said that good intentions can be visualized
   Contribution to the world is visualized
  INOVAC Case Study
  	A system to report such events as "there is a hole in the road in front of my house."
   A passing construction contractor fills it in.
   You get virtual currency.
 	Kintone as an information and communication platform is already provided, ReadyFor has a system to collect money, can we do API integration or something?
  Case Study: [Masuda City
   Bird and animal damage, local residents take photos with their smartphones and post them.
   A hunter sees this and goes hunting.
   I'm not giving them any coins or anything right now, but they are turning out fine.
  infiltration tactics
  	Activities to put information on the Internet by sea of people are being carried out in various parts of Code for Japan.
 		Each community needs to have its own "structure" and "infrastructure"; it is impossible to create them individually in each location.
   Humanitarian tactics are also a Weathernews success story.
  Weak mechanisms for investing in NPOs
  	Visualize contributions collected through ICOs and other means
  Why not just do it on your own instead of INOVAC municipalities?
  polyethylene terephthalate
  	Contracts exist to exchange data with the government.
   The problem is that other non-profits don't know that.
   It would be better if a model of the contract could be prepared and easily concluded on the information system.
   Hometown tax payments have also become widespread due to the establishment of a system that facilitates donations.
   Let's create a standard contract template.
  I need to seduce three people.
  	head of a local government
   On-site personnel
   Technicians near the site
   	Code for Japan has engineers in various locations.
  There should be a mechanism for children to contribute to society and be recognized for their contributions.
  Smoothing the flow through technology
  Gift Economy, for the poor children.

[https://gyazo.com/852e8fbfae5de0230f11bf07882e876e]

https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=2027515750632981&set=a.189430627774845.58349.100001237284841&type=3&theater
