Professional Requirements
[https://gyazo.com/06a7a85252d9e7f59306c95d72f3531d]
 Conditions for Professionals: How to Achieve Results and Grow ([Hajimete yomu Drucker] ([Self-Realization] Edition))
 [P. F. Drucker] # Drucker [Peter F. Drucker].
 [Ueda Atsuo]
	[Amazon https://amzn.to/2LWqUtl]

 [THE ESSENTIAL DRUCKER ON INDIVIDUALS]
	10 excerpts and 1 article from Drucker's complete works (including novels) of 31 works

	first part
 	Chapter 1, "The Transition to a Post-Capitalist Society."
 		Post-Capitalist Society: How Will Organizations and People Change in the 21st Century?
 			Introduction: A Turning Point in History
 			Chapter 1: From Capitalism to Knowledge Society
 	Chapter 2: "Who Will Be the Main Actors in the New Society?"
 		Decisions for the Future: A Survival Manual for a Time of Great Transition.
 			Chapter 7: The Arrival of Organized Society
 second division
		Chapter 1, "How to Increase the Productivity of Knowledge Work."
			The Future Enterprise: Conditions for a Surviving Organization" (1992)
				Chapter 13 [Emerging Issues in Productivity].
	 Chapter 2, "Why We Don't Get Results," Chapter 3, "Focusing on Contributions."
	 The Requirements of a Manager" (1966)
	 	Chapter 1: The ability to achieve results can be mastered and Chapter 3: What contribution can I make?
	Part 3
  Managing Ourselves."
		Chapter 1, "Seven Experiences That Changed My Life."
			Drucker. Nakauchi's Letter to and fro: A Time of Creation, 1997.
				The Japanese edition is divided into two parts with "A Time to Challenge".
	 Chapter 2: "Knowing Our Own Strengths"
	 	[Tomorrow's Dominion]."
			Chapter 6: Managing Ourselves: How to Live Tomorrow
		Chapter 3, "How to Manage Your Time."
		Chapter 4: "Focus on What Matters Most."
			Chapter 2, "Know Thy Time," and Chapter 5, "Start with What Matters Most," in "The Requirements of Management."

	Part 4: "Fundamentals for Decision-Making."
		Chapter 1: "Secret Decisions for Decision-Making"
			Chapter 6, "What is Decision-Making?" and Chapter 7, "Decision-Making that Produces Results," in "The Manager's Requirements."
		Chapter 2, "What is Good Communication?"
			Management - Issues, Responsibilities, and Practices, Chapter 38, Management and Communication

		Table 3 "Information and Organization
			Management Frontier Tomorrow's Movement Guidelines]
				Chapter 25, "Advantages and Conditions of an Information-Based Organization."

		Chapter 4, "Leadership as a Job."
			Chapter 5, "Leadership, Action, Not Dress," in "The Future Company."

		Chapter 5, "Capitalizing on People's Strengths."
			Chapter 4, "Playing to Our Strengths," in "Conditions of a Manager."
		Chapter 6, "Principles and Methods of Innovation"
			Innovation and Entrepreneurship: Principles and Methods
				Chapter 11, "Principles of Innovation."
	Part 5: "The Challenge of Self-Actualization"
		Chapter 1, "Managing Your Life."
			Chapter 6, "Managing Ourselves: How to Live Tomorrow," in "What Will Rule Tomorrow?
		Chapter 2, "'Educated People' Create Society," is a chapter from "Chapter 12, Educated People," in "Postcapitalist Society" and "Chapter 3, Educated People," in "Postcapitalist Society.
		Chapter 3: "By What Do You Want to Be Remembered?"
			The Ordinary of the Nonprofit Organization: Principles and Practice.
				Part V. Self-Development, as a person, as an officer, and as a leader."
	Appendix, "What e-Commerce Means to Me."
		What lies beyond the IT revolution?"