Scrapbox Drinkup 20180810
[Scrapbox] Drinkup "[Scrapbox Information Organization]" Publication Commemoration Special
[Scrapbox Drinkup "Scrapbox Information Organizing" Publication Special - connpass https://nota.connpass.com/event/96499/]

 Beginning beginning beginning!
 What a great break this time!
 [/scrapbox-drinkup]
  [/scrapbox-drinkup/"Scrapbox Information Organizing Techniques" production secret story (rashita)]
 rakusai [/scrapbox-drinkup/Rakusai - Scrapbox Drinkup "Scrapbox Information Organization" Publication Special].
 	Isn't this a toast or something?"
  Management having Mr. Kurashita give a toast without prior negotiation.
		Mr. Kurashita came from Kansai for this.
		NOTA is a registered company in Menlo Park.
   When Dr. Masui was at Apple.
  Companies without a single location
  Both Nota and Masui Labs have 10,000 pages
  	According to the latest information that just came in, Scrapbox as a whole has surpassed 1 million pages, so it looks like we're about to surpass Wikipedia!
		3,000 projects per month, total of 40,000 projects (public and private combined)
  Increased number of business use cases in the company
   SORACOM
    [https://medium.com/@scrapbox/scrapbox-soracom-6884c78c507b Synergy was created across departments; SORACOM implemented Scrapbox utilization]
 new feature
 	[telomere] now shows absolute values for older dates
 	Ability to merge identical titles
		Copy Plain to shave links and copy and paste -> can be sent as plain text when sending via email, etc.
	Interactive help
  http://expandhelp.com/GyazoHelp/?q=スマホ
  	The pattern is written at the end of [/GyazoHelp/supported OS and browsers].
  Blur -> [/GyazoHelp/Mosaic on image].
  Fewer features
  	User's vocabulary does not match the vocabulary in the help
 spread and cohere
 	Words to describe Scrapbox
  People say, "This doesn't describe Scrapbox very well."
  [Scrapbox Philosophy]
   Philosophy of [/shokai/Scrapbox].
  A tool that everyone who uses it wants to say a lot about.
  Official website "Knowledge Collaboration Tools
  	The whole phrase from Mr. Kurashita was taken out of context. w
  [nishio.icon]It's intellectual production by teams across organizations.
		And that leads us to the Kurashita book.

	Mr. Kurashita [/scrapbox-drinkup/"Scrapbox Information Organizing Techniques" production secret story (rashita)]
  I wrote this because I wanted someone other than myself to use it.
  Why is the link so important to Scrapbox?"
  [Knowledge Collaboration Tools]
  	It's not like any other information organizer I've ever seen.
  Write a book in Scrapbox
  	PRIVATE PROJECT by myself and my editor.
   Create an index page, zlip the content, then chop it up into pages, then back into one.
   Runs faster than Evernote
   	Especially mobile
    You can add a little bit of writing in your spare time.
    Drawing allows you to quickly draw diagrams.
    Sending manuscripts to editors via email has a "please read" feel to it, and Dropbox also notifies them of changes.
    Perfect for those who don't need rich text but want links.
    With Evernote, it's completely rich text, so it's heavy.
   I want to manipulate outlines.
   	The book is designed to flow from chapter to chapter, so it is necessary to look at the flow of headings while looking at the text
    	Ability to display only the strongest and second most emphasized symbols
     It's hard without that kind of thing because it's 10,000 to 20,000 words when it comes to chapter units.
    WorkFlowy was also used in conjunction
    More suitable for writing than outliner
   Would I recommend it? I wouldn't.
   Scrapbox Triangle
   	Easy to use, no knowledge required.
    The knowledge required to use it expands rapidly.
    	JS customization, etc.
     The difficult question is how much to include in the book.
     There are two ways of functioning staircase method and tutorial method.
     	Scrapbox is easy and the beginning of yesterday's staircase is boring.
      [predictive links and lack of unforeseen links].
      	Prediction links do not occur
      After a brief introduction to the function in chapter 1, we talked about philosophy in chapter 2.
      	Advanced content is explained in Chapter 4.
    I have to write in my tree book that "networking is good."
    	I supplemented it in my column.
     [nishio.icon]This column was very good.
    Too many features problem
    	Lots of fine features.
     The question is where to pack it in.
     Major update with a paid plan in the middle of writing the book.
     	just in time
      Backup functionality has been in place since it went to print.
      This one didn't make it.
    Differentiation from similar books of the future
    
  Scrapbox is easy to explain because it's not "Mac and Windows versions" or anything like that.
  	It's hard to explain the difference between the paid and free versions.
   	The paid version has more features that I want to explain, but even if I explain them, free users can't use them.
  It's hard to explain because it's a tool that slowly becomes more and more enjoyable.
  	[nishio.icon]Intellectual production techniques must pay a cost for mastery.
   I was careful not to give the answer that this is Scrapbox.
		Evernote
  	note-link problem
   	insertion
    	Once out, get the note link and paste it.
    blank link
    	Once out of the way, make a note, get the link and paste it.
    →Scrapbox "This is it!"
  Honkurer
   When I introduce books, I want to link them together because they are connected.
  	I can't link to a page that isn't
   With Scrapbox, you don't need a page, just create a red link.
	Q: Did you communicate with the editor, did you do real time?
  A: I didn't.
  I think we could do it if we decided beforehand, but we haven't.
  Q: How do I use this with Git?
  A: It's a heavy process, with me sending and the other person returning, every time I commit, and every time I have to contact them for a change of two or three lines....
 Q: Why vertical writing?
 	A: We discussed it internally, but in this case, considering that we are going to place it in the business book section from a marketing point of view, a line would be too short for B6.

	Q: How did you do the typesetting?
 	A: I removed the link, put it in plain text, and the editor did the rest.
  	It was hard because we didn't have the Copy Plain feature yet.

[* Panel Discussion].
	What's Scprapbox?"
 Mr. Kurashita didn't decide that this was the right answer, either.
 However, I don't know how to explain it to a new user...
 Explanation in about 30 seconds
 Motivation to start using Scrapbox, why, pivot at some point.
 Points of inspiration and awakening
 Mr. Kurashita.
 	I learned about it from someone's blog.
  card-type
  Similar to Evernote's card view.
  I was looking at it from an Evernote perspective.
  That makes it feel underfunctional.
  The amount of information that can be automatically captured is small.
  I read shokai's philosophy on Scrapbox and thought, "Really?
  It's not a warehouse of dead texts."
  There is no point in taking it in automatically.
  It makes sense to write your own description and add your own links.
  I don't think I would have understood it if I first read the philosophy of shokai, I understood it because I used it for a while before I read it.
 	The writing itself shows the philosophy
  The normal way of writing would be long, blog-like sentences.
  That page embodies how it should be used.
	Mr. Minatogawa.
 	The trigger was Dr. Masui, a newsletter in Nico Nico Douga (which one?).
  Description of the person who created the HTML
   CERN
  Introduced Scrapbox by saying, "I think this is what the developer wanted to create.
  CERN
  A large research organization with hundreds of researchers coming and going
  Paper is hard to find.
  Inefficient if you don't know which papers are connected to which papers.
  That's where the Web was born.
  It was designed to achieve a common human resource library, a kind of big library.
  In a word: "external memory."
  As for my usage.
  There are various ways to use it depending on the project, but the main way is to just keep adding ideas before I forget them.
  If you put in a letter with a link to something that your brain can't come up with, at some point that link will connect, and that will be the story of the book.
  Interesting chemical reactions.
  What are some of the points that woke you up? →That there is no submit button, it is saved and published as soon as you write it.
  	When I try to write a blog post, I get a bit of a chip on my shoulder.
   I feel like I've had a good night's sleep.
   The good thing about Scrapbox is that there is no such stress at all.
 I started using it as external storage too.
  I'm looking at a lot of different companies, maybe 10.
  You can write directly on site or continue at home
  A timeline, noting which clients you went to and what you did on this day
  I realized, "If all you want to do is keep track, just use the notes app on your iPhone", not so much, but really external memory.
  Marketing, branding, engineering training, mixed, but can be connected.
  The connection is that I've been doing this in my head.
  I'm putting the findings from Client A in Scrapbox, which will connect with the rest of the company's.
  I dare you to use internal memory for what you need to imprint on yourself.
  Use of external and internal memory
  I feel like I'm using my head differently.
 butyric acid
 	I originally made paper copi and Evernote got me.
  Frankly, I thought I'd done it all and was bored.
  I have no interest in Evernote and have never used it.
  It was interesting because Mr. Masui used Gyazz.
  I thought this should be easier to use.
  As you rewrite the title, the file name keeps changing.
  You can forget about the existence of files.
  Scrapbox also keeps changing the URL as you rewrite the title.
  35, but the first time I worked in the business, I worked remotely, I paid people remotely, in 2002.
  We can't do without Scrapbox-like tools.
  Difficult with Skype, etc.
  I was looking for something that would allow me to write out a lot of information, and that would allow me to communicate with a large amount of people at the same time. Then I saw Gyazz, and I knew this was it.
  Stories for customers
 	Shokai is an inhabitant of a "this is the way it's supposed to be" kind of world.
  Even within our company, we had a hard time spreading the word.
  I'm amazed that customers understand.
  I think it's kind of obvious that they don't understand it, like they do with comics and books.
Mr. Kurashita.
 It's not the same as saying, "There's an aha.
 Don't teach too much.
 Better to be discovered.

lead (in a game, dance, etc.)
I'll tell you the path to some extent, but not the goal.
Get a foot in the door in the direction you think would be good.

It's not a good idea to teach them too much about how to use it, though.
I think the easy or fun part is the common denominator.

Cartoon, the main character is a sloppy student, Scrapbox makes it easy.
I think I can tell you the emotional part.

I see a Tweet with the keyword "Scrapbox" in it.

The number of Tweets with the keyword "Scrapbox" in them has been increasing a lot in the past few weeks.
He talks about his experiences right up to the top. Lots of "fun," etc.

I think the speed of response to my actions of linking and writing UserScripts is the reason why I enjoy it so much.

Fast is important.

It's fun when you discover something, or when you find a link in a place you never thought of.

Some use it with their team, some use it on their own, but I feel like I'm discovering a new me when I use it on my own.

I enjoy looking at other people's Scrapboxes.
Customized to the gory details.

Know that others have ideas that you don't know about.

Next Theme
Who would you like to use it? When should we use it?

I think it can be used for any kind of work.
The threshold is low.
I've been struggling with the issue of not being able to use Markdown, but this one is more open to various users.

Not all sentences are converted to HTML, so if you're looking for speed and output without thinking about h2 and h3, Scrapbox is a better choice.
I'm doing a live feed here on Scrapbox! it's interesting to see the cursor appear and see more and more edits being made.

I believe the world will become a remote and autonomous decentralized workforce.
It is strange that young engineers are also learning new ways of doing things in the lab, but when they enter the company, they are stuck in a mold.
I want young people to have an open-source, out-of-company experience that contributes to the world.

Useful for process improvement.
There is an assumption that there must be a set tool, a way of doing things, a formula.
Unravel it and think by yourself or in a team.
Scrapbox is useful as a tool for unraveling it.
Think and write your own ideas, others will see them, and generalizations will be made by them.
This is due to the origins of the Wiki.
They can be used to develop the habit of thinking.

When I write a letter, I think, "Okay, I'm going to write," and then I stop writing.
Head to Scrapbox and let your brain hang out.
Even with markdown, it's like, "I'm going to write a headline now.
Brain Direct UI
Scrapbox is saying that what you think is dripping out of you, and it is one step away from that.

If it's a site that says, "We have to do it right," I say, "Why don't we do some sloppy sharing?"
If there's a word you don't understand, make it a link and someone will write it down for you.
If I can't write if I don't know everything, I can't go on.
Even if you don't know what you're doing, just write it down anyway.
Imagine a team member as a direct brain connection.

Multiple people's brains are directly connected.

Q: How do you guys view and use projects? With Evernote you can move notes around and put them in other notebooks, but what do you do with Scrapbox? A wall of files or a wall of folders.
A: If it is for your own use alone, it is better to put everything in one place without separating anything. Divide by members. Divide by who you want to share this information with.
	There is one private for myself and the rest is mostly public.
 All in one on the inside.
 Don't think of subdivisions too much.
 You can start with one.
A: Things like moving notes between Evernote can be copied by exporting them in JSON and importing them into another project.

 We are considering searching for multiple projects, and the parts are being assembled bit by bit.
 It would be nice to be able to export only those projects that meet the criteria

A: RakuSai-san also only divides his personal notebooks by person, and he writes his personal notebooks in the company's projects. If no one links to your personal notebook, you will have your personal notebook in a corner of the company's project.
 I really want to share the same Scrapbox with the shareholders.
 It is more useful to link from as wide a range as possible

A: People ask about departments and information control, but if you do that, the form of intellectual property depends on the structure of the organization.
	We can discuss this information when it actually comes out.
 There's no right answer, so it's done in one first, then gradually divided as needed.

Despite the ability to share information widely, the pre-IT practice of communicating in sequence remains.
There are many people out there who already work in a way that doesn't drag out those practices, and it's actually more efficient.

Q: If you had 20 people, you could do it, but if you had 10,000 people, you wouldn't be able to do it.
A: At most 30 people, I don't know if I can do it.
	I'm optimistic because I don't recommend starting with a large group out of the blue and it won't work, and expanding what has worked with a small group is more likely to work.
A: There are companies with 200 people doing this, Masui Lab has 90 (not all active)
 You need a sense of trust, what you write can be erased, and there will be an editing war, so
 Wikipedia in Japan has 15 editorial board members, none of them full time, and that's how it runs, so if you have a problem with a large company, just put an editorial board member on it.

	Manga's Scrapbox also hangs a tree with icons instead of the editor directly erasing it.
 	operation procedures
  Basically, don't erase, and a clean copy is a separate notebook.

	We will need to foster a culture.

 shio I use it in seminars and the only rule is "never turn it off."
 	When I get feedback on my writing, I want to erase it and fix it, but instead of erasing it, I duplicate it and fix it there.
		One project if the members are the same, one project if the objectives are the same, originally five separate projects for five different seminars, but eventually merged into one.
  I want the ability to put a specific tag on every page, and I put it in manually at that time.

End of panel discussion

get-together

[nishio.icon] I forgot my AC adapter at home!

LT

 @blue_1617 blue0513
 I want to use Scrapbox in Emacs as well!
 	[nishio.icon]The login process seems to be a hassle.
 Get page list on Emacs, get page content, hit Open command in browser to refresh.
 I want an API for POST systems.
 	shokai "difficult"
  	If you POST, you have to change the others that are open at the same time.
   Conflicts may occur if others are editing at the same time
	I use "just throw it out there" when I make a note in my hand.
		[nishio.icon]May be surprisingly useful

Otaki-san (god of harvests, wealth, fertility, etc.)
Always Unfinished, p. 117.
	I had a stairlift on today.
	I like writing.
 I like electronic construction.
 More interaction with the IT industry, culture shock, no hiding.
  Yahoo Lodge
 Around the time of the 1st Drinkup, I started blogging privately first.
 Sequential numbering in reverse order = numbering of one's ideology
  It can be referred to as "Ootaki Radio 9638," etc.
   [nishio.icon]Image like putting [permalink] on your thought
 Scrolling becomes [* more fun] when you get over 300.
 I was very happy to see many comments on Twitter on the train on the way home after my LT at Drinkup4.

	It went from a lot of projects to a little project.
 Recently, the opposite has been increasing, projects have been created that have been split up by various members to recommend to members.
	I recently started using Xcode.
 	Making app help in Xcode is a hassle, making it in Scrapbox is so much easier!
	Scrapbox for my daughter's summer vacation project
 	Our generation drafted on paper and then cleaned up on the PC, but we started from the beginning with Scrapbox.

	Write what you think and what you want to say
 Sort by Most Linked and what you feel you are worth comes up.
  So [values are verbalized from the bottom up].

	anitya
 	impermanence
  Exists through repeated changes
  [Kenji Miyazawa] "[Eternal incompleteness, this is completion]."
  It is important to keep asking questions
When you buy a question, what you find is not the answer, but the next new question, and this is "perpetual incompleteness, this is completion."


Yamazaki, "Isn't it fun to write in scrapbox?"
 Difficulty in both writing and keeping up appearances
 The writing area is in scrapbox.
 It's hard to organize reviews in git.
  Scrapbox is a good choice.
 I think scrapbox is good for the first half and git for the second half.
 review meeting
  Have them read the manuscript in advance.
  Explain the purpose of the manuscript
  Revise freely as we all read it down together.
   I'll never turn it off.
   make an icon with a icon

I want to automate the flow of information dissemination within my company.
 Real-time writing of minutes
 Scrutiny of confidential matters

first
Scrapbox is a tool to find a way to cut through the mess in your head, and I don't want to add a function to create a beautiful finished product, because if I do, everyone will go that way.

salt (i.e. sodium chloride)
I want to say three things.
The "shio class."
Page for writing correction requests
 The new thing is on top of the new thing.
 Teachers look from the bottom up.
 Sharp and yellowing CSS
  The icon will be displayed with it in "Komekon".
 DUP and fix
I use Scrapbox for the last 5% of my quality work.

I use it for writing.
 All 307 pages in scrapbox.
 I wanted to use scrapbox to translate Khmer, I couldn't do it then, now I can.

Tweeted at 3:46.
 I've seen hundreds of opinions saying they don't want to use it because it's not markdown, I've been using it all my life on my blog and I could switch right over.
 It would be better to declare the name of the notation
 bracketing
  easy to say

Thorough rules for not erasing
 No pencil erasers allowed.
 They are all fountain pens.
 What you write is your history, and it will never go away.

git is good to keep diffs
Can it be duplicated?
But I can't see the diff.
Actually, it's a 3-way merge inside.
I can show you the diff, it's been stopped for about 3 months due to problems, but ......

get-together
 It's sterile to go back and re-connect pages that were split up in Scrapbox to make a book, and it's sterile to delete links,
 Maybe selling it in Scrapbox format would be a good idea.
 Strange to publish a paper book and then an e-book.
 We should sell the Scrapbox version first, get feedback and fix it, and then release the paper.
 Books are a finitization tool, and if you keep inflating them in Scrapbox, you're going against the direction of publishing, which is finite and trying to cut them out.

Don't import mechanically, it's no fun when a lot of different text is plugged in with no links attached.
It's important to write your own and link to it yourself.

salt (i.e. sodium chloride)
The links below will be in the order in which the tags appeared.
The first card that comes up first never comes up again, so if you put "tags that apply to a lot of things" first, the later tags will be shadowed. So write from the narrowest tag.

salted water
My basic style is to link keywords in the text and add the overflow tag at the end.
It is important to get out of the ingrained habit of hierarchical classification.
[link is way].

Q: Are you drafting on a private project?
 Salt+Nishio: I wouldn't do that.
 salt (i.e. sodium chloride)
  If you draft and then decide to publish, it's like hitting the save button, which eventually becomes a barrier to output, I've published drafts and some articles I've left for a month.
  I'm wearing a DRAFT tag.
  [/shiology/draft]
 salted water
  They don't even put a DRAFT tag on it.
  Interruptions and leaving a seat in the middle of a sentence.
  I thought you were writing well." Because? In other words, "I thought I wrote it well before publishing it" is nothing more than self-consciousness, and in fact, there is no harm in publishing it while it is still in the process of being written.
→ [no separate drafts, etc.].

#ScrapboxDrinkup
#ScrapboxDrinkup4
