The Phantom Chapter of the Engineer's Intellectual Production Technique
In p.165 [(5.2.6.3) Making a nameplate when the number of labels is enormous] of [The Intellectual Production Technique of Engineers], the process of writing is described as follows.
>There was a chapter called "Meditation" at this stage, but it didn't connect well with the other chapters, so it was deleted.
The event is presented as having occurred. I was looking at the repository and saw that the text removed from the proposed heading was committed on 2017-04-10, so I'm posting it here for fun.

This content itself would be good to include in the "How this book was made" chapter. #Intellectual Production of Engineers_Additions
	Initially, I thought it would be a good idea to include actual data on the process of the book's creation itself, such as an appendix chapter.
 The editor's decision not to include it was appropriate, since the book is still relatively thick in its current state after the removal.
 An expanded edition, maybe it would be better to publish it electronically instead of in a paper book.

The "[slowing down the gear]" in "[meditation]" is introduced on p. 204 under "[checking against the dictionary]".

The original was in Markdown, but I thought it would be better to use bullet points when reprinting it in Scrapbox, so I replaced `#` with ■.

---
2017-04-10
Chapter 7: I can't keep going.
 Is continuity an end or a means? A means to an end?
	 The "Snacking and Studying Method."
 What is needed for continuity
	 ■■ How to get hooked
   ■■ Trigger: Need a trigger
   ■■ Rewards: Rewards are required.
   ■■ INVESTMENT: Investment required
	 ■■ Appropriate difficulty adjustment
		 ■■ Flow Theory: Between Boredom and Anxiety

Chapter 8: Uncluttered
	What is "tidying up"?
		Be able to see where it is located.
  ■■ Classification
	  Humans cannot create perfect classifications from the start.
  ■■ The Bat Problem
  ■■ One Pocket Principle
	  Strategy to give up classification and put it in one place
 Difference between objects and information
  ■■ Location Limitations = Index
	  By allowing the database index to efficiently determine "not here".
		  Mechanisms to reduce time spent finding "where is it?"
   The index works in the same way in organizing physical objects.
	   All the receipts are in this box."
	   The requirement for effectiveness is to be sure that it is not elsewhere.
   ■■ Bottom-up
	   How to create an index, build from the bottom up
   ■■ Time frame
	   The time axis is a handy index.
   ■■ Search
    Things are difficult to search. This is an approach to make it easier to search.
    Masui method of super-organization, potato search
 Chaos and Creativity
  Does chaos increase creativity?
  With "chaos" of 100 sticky notes spread out on a desk,
  The "chaos" of not being able to find the necessary tools is different.
  Jiro Kawakita of "Let Chaos Speak."

Chapter 9: Impatience.
 Gap between ideal and reality
  Aiming for an ideal beyond what can be done (reality) creates frustration.
  Impatience is the engine of ambition, but it must be controlled to the extent that it does not overheat and burn itself out.
  ■■ The Problem of Perfectionism
	  Suffer from striving for perfection from the start.
  ■■ Incremental
 	 Repeated improvement and gradual betterment.
  ■■ Default zero
   If we don't do it, it's zero, so let's try everything.
   Failure is also an opportunity to learn
 Physicality
	 (Maybe physicality is not the right word, I can't think of a replacement right now.)
  It is strange to ignore the "body" as irrelevant when discussing the "spirit" of motivation and agitation.
  The human spirit is affected by the body more than he or she realizes.
  With regard to agitation in particular, caffeine intake is known to have an effect.
	 ■■ Watch out for caffeine
   Caffeine causes agitation.
   Theanine in green tea eases agitation.
   Introduction to an experiment in which both caffeine and theanine are ingested.
  Temperature, moisture, oxygen, and blood glucose
  ■■ Headache
  ■■ Sensory deprivation
   ■■ Isolation tanks
   ■■ Eye mask
   ■■ Earplugs and muffled headphones
 Meditation
  ■■ Slow down the gears.
  ■■ Override your thoughts
  ■■ Stop thinking
  ■■ Interrupt the movement of the mind

Chapter 11: Fallen Earnings
	(This chapter may be omitted.)

Chapter 12: How this book was made