self-directed learning
>"Software engineers have a high need to study in order to keep up with technological innovations" - I understand.
> "Engineers who study only in training and not in their private time are sluggish in comparison" > > That's true as a matter of fact.
> "We hire engineers who study even in their private time" > Isn't that a black declaration that we don't pay for their training?
	https://twitter.com/otsune/status/1038018573174632449

This is a troubling story, and the pre-approval system has the effect of squelching learning.
	For example, if there was a system where they could buy any technical book "if they declare it", they would say, "I think it is beneficial to learn Chinese, but it is not included in technical books, right?
Without the character to learn spontaneously, such a subject will not be learned.

Related to the recent topic of "the power of self-growth," "I'm a front-end engineer, but I'm interested in hardware, so can I buy a Raspi on a technical book budget?" Like, having to explain why you need it to other people in advance prevents you from learning new things that you can't explain the value of well.
	[power to grow on its own].

So there is a big difference between those who learn according to their own desire to learn (even if it is self-financed) without approval from others and those who cannot learn without applying and receiving payment in advance, and since I am not sure how to convert the former into the latter, it is reasonable to give preference to the former in the selection process I think it is reasonable to give priority to the former at the selection stage.

Whether a company is black or not is independent from whether it adopts such a method of adoption.
	If engineers are positively evaluated and treated well for what they learn outside of work and on their own, then it's white,
 If you have a positive impact on the business, but you say, "I don't appreciate it because it's not part of my job," I guess that would mean you're black.

It is important whether the timing of the evaluation is [before] or [after] the learning.
Challenging a new field may or may not lead to positive results.
So the pre-evaluation style hinders learning. [A system of "post-evaluation" is necessary.

The criticism that "the [risk] of selecting the subject of learning is imposed on the individual" for post-evaluation is apt. However, it is unbalanced to say that the individual has the "initiative" to "learn what he/she wants to learn" while the "company takes all the risks". Isn't there a separation between voluntarily choosing what you want to learn and taking risks?

