Tendency to accept unconditional criticism of others as criticism of oneself
I know in my head that there is no need to interpret it that way, but I have to verbalize it because it is always damaging.

	References to Mr. A's characteristics are made where Mr. A is not present.
 	For example, "Mr. A has no sense of humor.
  Cases that don't come with the limitation of "Mr. A has no sense of humor because he is X."
 This seems to me to be a reference to me.
 	In other words, it looks as if they are saying on the spot that "Nishio has no sense of humor."
 This phenomenon does not occur if the reference is made in the presence of Mr. A or in the form of talking to Mr. A.
 	When Mr. B says directly to Mr. A, "You have no sense of humor.
  In this case, I don't feel like I've been told that Nishio has no sense of humor.

Why?
	It is observed that "'Mr. A is Y' is mentioned."
	This was done without Mr. A, so Mr. A is not observable.
	In other words, as a matter of fact, 'Mr. A is unaware of the fact that "Mr. A is referred to as 'Mr. Y'"' is observed.
 I have not observed any "reference to 'Nishio is Y'" at this time.
 	But this does not guarantee that the fact does not exist
  Logically, I didn't say "exists" or "doesn't exist" because "it doesn't guarantee that the phenomenon doesn't exist".
		Most people's seem to think that they are not being told what to do. This is an illogical cognitive distortion.
  I seem to think that I am being "told" too. This is another illogical cognitive distortion.
 		My generalization logic about people makes it easy to identify myself with Mr. A.
   Conversely, many people easily separate themselves and others as "different" # Identification of self and others
			As far as Bayesian inference goes, this observation increases the probability that you're being told what you're being told, right?
 I don't feel like I'm being told what to say when I see Mr. B saying it directly to Mr. A. I don't feel like I'm being told what to say.
 	Because it's not a "fact that Mr. A can't observe" and therefore doesn't imply the existence of something he can't observe.
 In the case of "Mr. A is Y because he is X," your feelings about what is being said to you depend on whether X applies to you or not.

[Self-responsibility]
[I take it as criticism of myself.]
