Relationship between type of capital and company boundaries
[https://gyazo.com/2a0fc66f70df7c48b3509330c5244ee9]
	The change in the type of capital a company focuses on affects its boundaries.
 When the capital of interest is money and property
 	Clear boundaries are created by a legal system that recognizes ownership in legal entities.
  	(When did ownership rights become available to legal entities that are not natural persons?)
 	Mr. Company owns the goods and money.
 When the capital of interest is knowledge
 	[Knowledge capital] is in the brain of individual employees and moves with them when they change jobs.
  Under current law, a company cannot force an individual who wants to change jobs to stay with the company.
  	Slaves were once owned by their employers, but that was a long time ago.
	  Knowledge capital is drained not by the will of the company, but by the will of individual employees.
		With respect to the acquisition of capital
  	As for physical capital, the company was able to purchase factory machinery at its will.
   Knowledge capital is difficult to acquire even if the company has the will, without the motivation of individual employees who serve as the container for that capital.
  Capital outflows and inflows at will of individuals beyond the boundaries of the company
 When the capital of interest is social relations
 	Capital is between people.
  The metaphor of "capital accumulation within the company" no longer fits.
  	The "strategy to accumulate [social capital]" is strange.
   Even within the company alone, productivity would certainly improve if trust among employees were increased.
   However, rather than closing the company to the outside world, it is better to connect with the outside world as well.
   A "strategy for the development of social relational capital" that connects and expands more and more.
  More "[blurring of company boundaries]" # blurring of organizational boundaries # blurring of boundaries
  	Not so important "if you are an employee or not."
   Retirees have more social capital than new hires.
   It is more beneficial to maintain a trusting relationship with retirees
		Developing social relationship capital is not limited to making connections with your company.
  	Creating value by helping others connect
   The value comes back in the form of increased trust in the company.
   	[how to use social capital].
  [There is no company.

	Real companies do not do business with just any one capital.
 	Even if a company actively invests in building networks with external parties and in motivated employees' willingness to learn, the money that underlies this investment is conventional "capital owned by the company.
  A system of three different natures of capital interacting with each other
  	Social relational capital contributes to the efficiency of acquiring knowledge capital and financial capital
   Knowledge capital contributes to the efficiency of financial capital acquisition
   Financial capital is needed as a source of funds for other actions to acquire capital.
		It's this superposition.
  	There are three levels of perspectives: "focus only on money and physical capital," "focus on money, physical capital and knowledge capital," and "focus on money, physical capital, knowledge capital and social-relationship capital.
   Accounting standards tend to focus only on money and physical capital
   	Equipment is capitalized when money is used to buy equipment.
    Not accounted for when money is spent to acquire knowledge capital or social relationship capital.
    There are cases where cash is converted to equipment and the books look healthy but the cash flow is not, so even under current accounting standards, attention should be paid to cash flow, not just balance.

What I tried to draw 20 days ago [company mental models, evaluation systems and engineers' learning] and couldn't draw well was recovered. Thank goodness.
