Going to New York, a fake artist
>The "Fake Artist Goes to New York" is a game in which everyone works together to complete a painting. The theme of the painting is told to everyone in advance. However, there is one person who has not been told, and he is called "fake artist". [It is terrible to call someone a fake artist when he has not been informed of the theme. However, according to the rules of this game, you lose if you are revealed to be a fake artist, so you cannot say, "I didn't share information with anyone! You can't say, "I didn't share information with anyone! Therefore, you have to pretend that you are sharing the information and cooperate with everyone else to paint the picture. The fake artist wins if he or she is not revealed to be a fake artist, or if he or she can answer the theme even if he or she is revealed to be a fake artist. The other players must not let the Écée discover the theme, so they dare to harass the Écée into drawing an ambiguous picture. The aim is to reveal who is the fake by making the fake misunderstand the theme. However, if the artist continues to draw ambiguous pictures while harassing others, others will suspect that the artist is actually a fake and that he/she is drawing pictures that can be taken any way he/she wants because he/she does not know the theme. In this game, you are supposed to appeal to your colleagues that you know the theme and are not a fake, while at the same time acting so that the fake does not find out your theme.

>If an organization is in this state, it is in trouble. But conversely, board games are effective as a means of safely experiencing "what a [bad organization] is like. If you have to experience a bad situation in an actual organization, there is no way to recover from it. By experiencing it as a game, you will learn that information sharing is important, and that when information is not shared, it is important not to "pretend to understand" but to show that "information is not being shared! And in order to maintain a state where this can be done, it is important not to make it a game like this, where you lose if it is discovered that the information has not been shared.
[Board Game Connect Camp 2017].

[management game].
