Ignorance of the inner life of others
In the diagram I drew as a model for my side in the [Tachikawa Model of Communication], I asked the question, "Is this [ignorance] of the [inner] world intentional?" I will summarize the answer to this question.

[https://gyazo.com/aaf0b045a0cd6f61428d4aa8083e7993]

In my personal developmental process, I think there was a time when I naively believed that "what is expressed is fact.

The next step is to master the correspondence.
For example, there is a story that in Kyoto, "Would you like some ochazuke? in Kyoto, for example, means "It's time to go home. This is a correspondence between an utterance expressed as a fact and an unobservable interior.
As I collect examples, "You may be too young to understand, but the world isn't that simple." is "I can't refute your claims with evidence, but admitting that would damage my self-esteem, so why don't we stop talking about this?" You will be able to see that it would be a good idea to do so.

On the other hand, the cost of achieving this "understanding" is quite high. It is as difficult as trying to guess the internal state of a program from log output that is not an explicit error message of a program whose source code is not disclosed. So, even if we can figure it out at a cost, we do not spend that cost in the majority of cases. Use a simple model to approximate.

This is what many people do, not just me.
	That's how men are."
	"This is what a person of this age and this kind of deportment would look like."
This is also called [prejudice].

There are several approximations in the simple model that cannot be called prejudice.
One of them is "I don't know except what you explicitly expressed."
This is the approximation I am half-consciously choosing to make.

Whether or not an approximation can be made would depend on the type of job and the situation in which one is placed. If you are a marriage counselor, as Mr. Tachikawa mentioned in the original article, it would be beneficial to understand the inner life of each client, even if it costs a lot of money. On the other hand, I am supposed to be a researcher, so I am not good at guessing the meaning behind words. I only understand what is explicitly said.
