Intellectual production techniques of engineers and physical education-type classes
2018-11-29 [BPStudy]135th [event page https://bpstudy.connpass.com/event/104549/]
Part 1: "[Engineers' Intellectual Production Techniques]" and [Physical Education-type Classes].
>My book, "The Intellectual Production of Engineers," has been well received, but books are a one-way mechanism in which textual data simply flows from author to reader.
> Study group lectures often tend to be one-way affairs, with the presenter speaking and the participants simply listening.
> For example, in a physical education class, if the teacher gives a PowerPoint lecture and the students just listen to it, will the students learn to play sports? I don't think so.
> Similarly, the skill of "intellectual production" cannot be acquired by simply listening to a one-way talk. In this issue, we would like to conduct an experiment of mixing a physical education-type class with a study group presentation.

	[class is physical education]
[https://gyazo.com/a81e2427771988f1d315b1f909d2d41a]
[Slide PDF https://www.dropbox.com/s/rbwvwvg5u0brb8v/%E3%82%A8%E3%83%B3%E3%82%B8%E3%83%8B%E3%82%A2%E3%81%AE%E7%9F%A5%E7%9A%84%E7%94%9 F%E7%94%A3%E8%A1%93%E3%81%A8%E4%BD%93%E8%82%B2%E5%9E%8B%E6%8E%88%E6%A5%AD.pdf?dl=0]

summary
	[/shimizukawa/BPStudy-135 Part 1: "Intellectual Production Techniques of Engineers" and Physical Education type class].
	https://togetter.com/li/1293315
 [/komofr/Is there ever a time when the person answering wants to think for a minute?"]
 [Nothing Every Day: The Intellectual Production of an Engineer - Yasukazu Nishio - https://nodding-off-programmer.blogspot.com/2018/12/blog-post.html]

transcription
[https://gyazo.com/dfa34d777338002bcd5e1d3c3523652c]

Moderator: Well, it's time to start the 135th edition of BTSTUDY. Today, in the first part, the author, Mr. Nishio will speak on the theme of intellectual production techniques for engineers. The second part will be a talk by Mr. Saito on the theme of mathematical optimization. The third part will be an LT. Now, Mr. Nishio, I would like to ask for your cooperation.


Nishio: Nice to meet you. My name is Nishio, whom you just introduced to me. I would like to make a presentation titled "Intellectual Production Techniques and Physical Education for Engineers.

[https://gyazo.com/a065bca32911fa12d1383f551d70d7fc]
This is actually my third time coming to BTSTUDY. I'm talking about how much the number of slides differs from the past two of those three times. The first one, Learning Technologies for Engineers, had 107 slides. The time frame is the same, I believe; the second one, the road to 〓00:02:25〓 had 79 slides. This is a difficult subject, so we decided to talk about it a little slower, so we have prepared 80 slides, and this time we have 21 slides. So, the rest of the slides are for the experiment of physical education type class. This is already the second slide, and there are 19 more to go. I would like to proceed quickly.

[https://gyazo.com/0f5c81050af72cba23daaadb05e0f551]

This book, "Intellectual Production Techniques for Engineers," was published in August. The book is called "The Intellectual Production Techniques of Engineers: Learning, Organizing, and Outputting Efficiently. This is the kind of book I'm talking about. Books are a one-way street.

[https://gyazo.com/d5702b98e0238c83840f52fd3be12681]
In the act of reading a book, you input the author's output. In other words, information flows in only one direction. I think this is not a good thing, and if the author is dead, there is nothing else to do but to read the book. It would be a shame not to take advantage of this opportunity. The author is alive. It is rare. Of all the books ever written, there are very few books in which the author is still alive. It is important to make effective use of that advantage of having a living author in order to make the most of it. Books with a living author allow for interactive communication. If I were dead, I would not be able to see what you laughed at when I said something. Such information can be exchanged with each other. This is the greatest advantage of a book in which the author is still alive. So, this study group was formed to create an opportunity to talk about this kind of thing, but study groups often become a one-way street.

[https://gyazo.com/46c518db4caea5b3c6551b4e22477709]

What I mean is that there are many people who only listen. It is often a one-way street where I speak one-sidedly and you just listen one-sidedly. It's like watching TV; you don't often give feedback to the TV after watching a broadcast. If you receive information in the same way as if there were a TV screen playing a video, you are not making effective use of the opportunity, and I think that is a waste. I would like you all to consider this as a thought experiment, but can you learn programming without writing a program?

[https://gyazo.com/3b43c1cea02eadb65ef13fa58fa2ff71]

Or can you learn to play catch just by reading a textbook?

[https://gyazo.com/e45dbaef7d80968241cdf2709b32e80a]

Can I learn to play catch if I watch an instructional video on TV? If a school teacher prepared a PowerPoint slide presentation in front of a physical education class and explained how to play catch in one hour, flipping through about 60 slides, would anyone learn to play catch? What I mean is that skills cannot be acquired without practice.

[https://gyazo.com/6f9aa292d7b3044f4cdf9c99c890312e]

Skills cannot be acquired without practice. And since intellectual production is a skill as well, I believe that it can only be acquired through practice.

[https://gyazo.com/17b3cde6ab3c2c3f8e4706f68604334f]

By the way, this is the ninth slide, so we are about halfway through. I would like to make the workshop more physical, like a game of catch, rather than a one-way TV watching session.

[https://gyazo.com/58cc73dddc6b30ef464152c5883050c7]

Part II: Still a little more one-sided talk, Part II. I'll talk about the before and after.
[https://gyazo.com/3231c85427a99cded0217ec8993b2bbc]

I think the concept of "before" and "after" is very important, but it is difficult to convey to others, so I will try to explain it clearly this time.

[https://gyazo.com/e5df0b4af5148759c02fbdb2167149ce]

In a book, the author writes the text first. You, the readers, the customers, buy the book and read it. In other words, I don't have the opportunity to get feedback on what the customer really wants, but I first produce the output. Then the customer buys and reads what you have created. So this is a pre-produced state of intellectual production. But agile intellectual production is not like that; I want to create things through dialogue with the customer.

[https://gyazo.com/7a03d94089b76f8d23020b5dcc8f141f]

Intellectual production through dialogue. We create through dialogue. That is what we want to do. What happens in this type of intellectual production is that the more questions the participants ask, the more likely they are to hear what they are interested in and what they want to hear. Incidentally, I forgot to mention this earlier, but I am currently recording what I am saying, so I will transcribe it later. This way, content will be created after the fact. The presentation materials are prepared in advance, and the content is not just one-sidedly spoken for an hour and then everyone listens to it and that is the end of it, but the content that was exchanged with everyone here becomes content afterwards. This is the separation between pre-presentation and post-presentation.

Let's connect this to the "study group is TV type."
[https://gyazo.com/b875825bba90b84a7f832e721a6ff241]
I think one of the main reasons for the one-way flow of information that tends to occur in TV-style presentations is that people tend to prepare a lot of slides in advance. When a lot of slides are prepared, the pressure to finish the presentation within the presentation time increases, and the machine becomes a one-way talking machine, switching from one slide to another as if to say, "Now let's move on to the next talk, and the next talk, and the next talk. It is a machine that talks one-sidedly about what it has prepared while switching from one slide to another. It will become a TV. It will become such a machine. The presenter becomes a machine that just drops information. But that means that you have to prepare a rail in advance, and in this workshop, you have to talk about this 80 slides in one hour! And they are just running on the rails. This is not the way to create something new. The information that is lined up in a row on the prepared rails is just like a one-way broadcast like on TV, and everyone just listens to it one-sidedly and that is the end of it. Why does this happen? Why does it happen this way? This is not a criticism of anyone, but as someone who has prepared more than 80 slides for my two previous lectures, I feel the need to go prepared. The reason is that I am afraid. In a word.

[https://gyazo.com/08c205247adf11e0bc71e74cd2db166b]

If you don't come prepared, you are afraid. What's scary is that if you don't come prepared with rails, you don't know what will happen.

[https://gyazo.com/25728b2391ba1410f600d0f452f7bac1]
People are afraid of this uncertainty. I said that I have prepared 21 presentation materials. I am now on the 16th. I am about to run out of presentation materials, and I wonder what will happen to me after I run out of presentation materials. I have this sense of fear. I have this feeling of fear, but the point of this fear is that my mind is trying to stay in my comfort zone, my comfortable place. Can we really stay in this comfort zone? Is it really okay to stay in this comfort zone? I believe that the only place where new things can be created is when we overcome our fears and let go of the rails. If I were to make a slide presentation of the contents of this book, the book's contents would never fit on a single slide. I could have cut and trimmed some parts and come here with 80 slides, which would have required me to speak at a very high speed, but even if I had done that, I doubt that anything would have been created. But even if we did that, it would not create anything. Instead of coming here and listening to 80 pages of slides, you would probably learn more if you went home and read the book in a calm manner. If you do that. There is no point in doing this. So, how can we really do intellectual production? Intellectual production is an activity, it is physical education, and it is a catch-all, so we have to do it, don't we? That is what I am talking about in this presentation.

I'm going to go back one more time to the question of what scares me, but what in particular scares me is that if I don't get the question, I'm afraid.
[https://gyazo.com/a8e593bbff4a67cf6fdd123026057cc4]

The lecture will be over in about 5 minutes, and we will have 45 minutes for questions. If a scene were to occur, it would be extremely frightening. If you have an image of television, a scene on TV would be called a broadcast accident. That is why we try to avoid it. What we do to avoid broadcast accidents on TV is, when something goes off the rails as planned, we rush to fix it. We fill in the gaps by putting in some kind of content to make up for it. But if you want to have a catch-all study session, rather than a TV study session, what are the symptoms of not getting any questions?

[https://gyazo.com/d7ee51d2de859993ce163517fbd6e63c]

The situation is that you throw a ball and the ball does not come back immediately. Do you think it is OK to say, "The ball didn't come back immediately, so I have to throw the next ball! Do you think it is OK to say, "I have to throw the next ball! Or, what if the next ball comes along just as you are still hesitating to throw it because you are not used to catching it, but you are still not used to throwing it? Then, it will not be a catch ball, it will not be a catchable ball, and it will just be a place where the ball is thrown around.

If I prepare a lot of slides and I just talk and talk, that's what will happen. So if there are no questions here, what is necessary is not to throw a new ball, not to talk about new content. If there are no questions here, what needs to happen then is not to throw new balls, not to talk about new content, but to be in a big hurry to talk about this or that. I think it is necessary to take the time to wait calmly and carefully.

[https://gyazo.com/5f3f0b421cb7e5852a0ffff9d790f6dd]
To throw the ball back to them, to think about the question. I think I need to calmly and unhurriedly take the silence in stride for such a time. My heart is racing right now. The reason why it is important to have time to throw the ball back and forth is that it is quite difficult to organize questions and put them in writing while listening to a person's story. It is especially difficult if you are not used to it. If you are not used to this activity of catching a ball and throwing it back, how can you learn to play catch? The only way is to wait for the ball to come back to you without hurrying to throw the ball at it.

[https://gyazo.com/6a42e1b53b8525e6f0ed4aeaf97621c0]
What happens during the question-and-answer period, which is common in the world, is that "Who has a question? and then the questions start flowing. Then, the person who was thinking of asking a question will start a dialogue with another person before he or she has fully organized his or her own thoughts. I still want to hear that, don't I? It is not easy to organize what you want to ask without listening to it. If I listen to them, I don't have time to think again, so when I say, "Who has the next question? I still can't raise my hand when I say, "Who has the next question? I still can't raise my hand because I didn't have time to organize my questions. That's what happens. If the content was flowing all the time, I would be so busy listening that I would not have time to organize my thoughts.

So, what I would like to do this time is to start thinking time for one minute after this presentation.

[https://gyazo.com/5ccc3017b27bf0c37b0d9ce1e4844fb0]

This is a new experiment this time. During the thinking time, people who had questions raised their hands, but the conversation did not start. After this one-minute thinking time is over, the people who raised their hands talk to each other in turn, but after the people who raised their hands in advance are finished, we go back to the one-minute thinking time again. In this way, everyone will be given at least one minute of thinking time each time. So, I would like to experiment with such a one-minute thinking time system this time. That is the end of the slides.

So now the one-minute timer will start. If you have any questions, please raise your hand and we will number you. Okay, number 1. You may put it down. When I finish, I will say who is number 1, and you will be number 2. Just remember what number you are. Then, number 3. Yes, number 4.
I would like to ask the first four. For the first one, what is your question?

Male: I would like to know how you came up with the idea of doing this presentation, or rather, how you came up with the idea.

Nishio: Yes, that's right. Actually, there is a professor in the law department at Seikei University named Mr. Shiozawa, who is an extremely skilled user of IT. I heard him give a lecture at one of his events and found it so interesting that I became an auditing student and went to his class for the entire semester. That was the start. First of all, I was able to move around like this, imitating the teacher. When he is teaching a class and students are lined up in a row, he walks around like this. And then they handwrite. I write notes. Drawing diagrams and so on. After explaining everything, I say, "Okay, now who has a question? If no one raises their hand immediately when I say who has a question, I'll move on to the next topic. I would say, "If no one raises a question right away, we'll move on to the next one," but I really kept on saying that. I'm holding on for a long time. I just took a minute of thinking time, but didn't you feel that one minute was a very long time? As a silence. Normally, when there is one minute of silence in a workshop like this, I think the speaker would have said, "I don't see any questions in 10 or 15 seconds, so I'll move on to the next topic. But we usually don't even have that much time to think about it. In Mr. Shiozawa's class at the Faculty of Law, he was teaching Civil Law to second-year university students, and he wanted them to have a place to think by themselves. It was not a class where information was just poured out and they were told a lot of legal information and they just had to memorize it. He was a professor who thought a lot about how to draw out what he thought and how he would interpret it. And he is a professor in the law department, so it wasn't like he was presenting at a study group of IT engineers, but he was presenting and teaching in a way that we IT people...I don't know if I should say we IT people, but I had never seen before. I had a sense of urgency to see if I was being left behind, and that was one of the reasons I wanted to give it a try.

Man: Thank you very much.

Nishio: Yes. Now for the second question. Yes, please go ahead.

Man: If you already knew the contents of this book when you were a college student, how much would your subsequent efficiency change?

Nishio: Yes, that's right. It has been at most 7 years since I clearly began to verbalize and understand what is written in this book. So this period of time after I learned about it simply doubled or tripled. This is very 00:18:18 beneficial? I think it is 〓. I know it sounds like an advertisement (laughs), but recently I have been working on a project called "Unexplored Junior," which supports young students under 17 years old who want to challenge themselves in programming, etc. I have given them one book each at my own expense, and I think this book will last for 5 or 10 years, so I hope they will be able to use this book for 5 or 10 years. I will be very happy if they are able to transform themselves 5 or 10 years from now and say they are glad to have this book. This is an experiment to see what will happen in the next 5 to 10 years. Whether or not this book will actually last for five or ten years remains to be seen, but I am taking on the challenge in the hope that it will.

Male: Yes.

Nishio: Yes. Now for the third question. Yes, go ahead.

Man: If you were to write a second edition of The Engineer's Guide to Intellectual Production, what would you add?

Nishio: I've actually been thinking about writing an expanded edition for a while now, and there are a few things that I haven't included, but you'll have to wait a bit. But wait a minute, there are some things that are not in the book. But if you search for "expanded edition," you will find it. For example, what I want to write about is intellectual property law...I think people should know more about copyright law and so on. The technology of drawing, intellectual property rights, and contracts. Everyone produces intellectually. Programmers write programs. For example, if you are a writer, writing is a kind of intellectual production, but if you don't know anything about the laws that protect the intellectual property that is created as a result of writing, the publisher will send you a publishing contract, etc., as you are told, and ask you to stamp it and send it back. If you say "Yes," stamp your seal, and send it back, you are not protecting your intellectual property. This is a story that I am currently working on, but it has grown into a bigger story than I had expected. I haven't yet signed a publishing contract for this book. I have not yet signed a publishing contract for this book. What I mean is that I want the right to publish the contents of this book. The publishers say that if the book is made public, it won't sell. That's not true. There are plenty of publishers who have made their books available to the public, such as this one and this one. The debate is going on as to why this is not allowed. If they do not have a publishing contract, strictly speaking, they are making and selling books without the author's permission, which is a pseudo-illegal situation. I am not suing them. On the other hand, since there is no publishing contract, there is no obligation to pay royalties. I am saying that whether I get royalties this year or next year is not important at all, so let's take our time and do it right. It will be interesting to see what happens in the future, and I am wondering if the publishers will not like it if I include it in the expanded edition. To blur the lines nicely, I'm keeping a log of all the discussions about the publishing contract, but with dates. I'm not posting them here. One interesting point that was quickly settled is that all the diagrams in the book are copyrighted by me, so I can use them to create an English version of the book without permission. I asked him if I could publish an English version of the book using these diagrams without permission, and he gave me the OK. This is because legally, it is so. I apologized if there were any expressions that might mislead people into thinking, for example, that authors are not allowed to use diagrams in a book for other publications without permission. That was concluded fairly early in the discussion. That kind of thing happened. I would like to add a lot of interesting stories...I guess you could call it a column idea...including that. I would like to add not only what I am thinking of adding at this stage, but also what I would like to add over the next five years. They say that information will be gathered by those who output information after this book is published, so I am sure that many things will be gathered by me over the next five or ten years, and I would like to incorporate new things that come up. I would like to incorporate new things as they emerge. Why don't you give names to your methods? I think it would be good if we could incorporate new things that have emerged from the information gathered. That kind of thing. I would like to write a story about how mind mapping and KJ method are all on their own and that there are many articles on the Internet that explain them appropriately without reading the books they are exhibited in. I would like to write a story like that. Is this an okay answer to your third question?

Man: Thank you very much.

NISHIO: The fourth one, please.

WOMAN: Now you said that the person asking the question can think for a minute, but when you receive a question, don't you sometimes think, wait a minute, let me think for a minute?

Nishio: I think there are times when I am asked a question and I don't know what to answer, so I ask them to let me think for a minute. I should probably say, "Let me think about it for a minute," but I think that the atmosphere of standing in this place, or the feeling of elation, makes me say what I think.

WOMAN: What do you do in that situation? In Nishio-san's opinion, do you just run your mouth anyway?

Nishio: Perhaps it is not a good idea to be caught up in the TV-type habit I mentioned earlier, but you tend to run off at the mouth. I think it's not good, but it's not good either, because it's not good for the TV habit I mentioned earlier. I think there are a lot of things that can happen. To be honest, when I am standing here talking, my brain is in a state like a runner's high, so I don't really know objectively what kind of state I am in. Therefore, when I receive a stimulus, my brain is in a state where it is turning over and over in response to that stimulus, and the result is coming out from here.

WOMAN: Very clear. Thank you very much.

Nishio: Yes (laughs) So now we have one minute of questions for the first session. Now I would like to move on to the next one minute of thinking time. Is everyone ready? After the excitement, there will be a minute of silence. We shouldn't be talking about this. Let's be silent.

Nishio: Yes, one minute has passed. Okay, those with questions, one. Is that all, 2, 3, 4. let's start with the first one.

Male: I think you mentioned earlier that we shouldn't name the keywords, but I think it's important to name the pattern. For example, I think it is quite important to use the keyword 〓0:26:00〓 in the scrapbooking system, and I think that if I can give it a good name, it will be conveyed and I can organize my own knowledge.

Nishio: I see. I see.

Male: I was wondering if there is a contradiction. Think about it 〓00:26:34〓

Nishio: I see. I'm a little mistaken in my way of communicating that, so can I think about it for a minute now? (laugh) I thought that if I chose one method in my book and gave it a name like the 00 method, what would happen is that people would not read the book and only the explanation of the 00 method would be passed on to the world. In fact, for example, when I said, "Brainstorming," I said, "Have you read the book by Alex Osborne called Making the Most of Imagination? If I say, "Have you read the book?", there will be a lot of people who have not read the book, but only read articles on the Internet about what brainstorming is, and they will use it because they think that's what it is. So, to be more precise, instead of creating a method, a complete method, and releasing it with a name, let the book be referred to as "Intellectual Production Techniques for Engineers," and when there is a discussion about the contents of the book, it will be mentioned under the title of "Intellectual Production Techniques for Engineers. When people discuss the contents of the book, I wanted it to be mentioned under the title of the book, "The Intellectual Production of Engineers. For example, the title of Alex Osborne's book, Making the Most of Imagination, is forgotten, and only the name "brainstorming" is circulated without people even thinking about reading it because they have forgotten it. For example, the book "Jiro Kawakita's Idea Method"...the name of the book may have been mentioned because the Idea Method is rather famous, but the KJ method is discussed in the book, and what I would like to see happen is that only the method is distributed without people reading the book. What I wanted to happen was to make it a textbook. It's not a book that tells you that one method is a good method, but a book that tells you that there are things like this in the world and that they came into being for this reason, and that you have to adapt them to your situation. It is not a book to teach a specific method, or to give a name to a specific method and spread the word that it is a good method. It's not about naming a particular method and spreading the word that it's a good method. It does not mean that you should just repeat the methods of the past, as in 〓00:28:45〓, or that you should ignore the methods of the past, but that you should build on them and improve your knowledge. It is a method of learning by trying it out for your own situation and turning the cycle around with feedback on whether or not it works well for your actual situation. It is a meta-method. I am not trying to teach you a specific method, but how to confront the situation. I expressed the concept that everyone has to create a method of intellectual production to suit their own situation. So the name as a handle to that conceptual mass was the engineer's intellectual production technique. This is why I don't name my particular method. What I'm actually naming it, that's the way I named it for that book. Is that okay? If you have any further questions, please let me know.

Male: When I reviewed the table of contents again, I noticed that many of the titles of the sections were written in the form of "do this, do that, do that" without using short keywords or titles like the names of techniques. I think this is exactly what the book is trying to achieve, but I wonder if it is difficult to say what the main points of the book are...

Nishio: What exactly do you mean by "here in this area"?

Male: When people who are reading this are talking to each other, they use something from this book, and if you apply it here, this is what happens. When we have a conversation like this, the keyword system is the key word...

Nishio: I see. The use as a pattern language is very limited...

Male: I think it is a little weak as a keyword to be used in the construction of a conversation as pattern language.

Nishio: Sure, that's weak. It's hard to do in a conversation because it would be like how many pages of the Engineer's Intellectual Production Techniques...it would be like...it was in a column called something. It's not an easy word to remember. There is a column on naming things in the Engineer's Guide to Intellectual Production, I believe. For example, here it is. It's on page 136. In this book, the words used as handles for concepts created by others are often short keywords such as 〓00:31:53〓〓, but when I checked what words were used for the concepts I was advocating, I found that there are two ways of reading: "finding" and "assembling. I have noticed that many of them are not in the form of a single keyword in an open and coherent manner, such as [reading to find and reading to assemble] or [grasping the big picture and understanding definitions], as I myself have thought recently when I have been writing. So the patterns don't have names. I have not given them short, compact names. On the one hand, I think it's a good thing to have a name, because it makes it easier to refer to them. There is one reason, and it may be mentioned here as a reason...but it says exactly what you just pointed out there too. That's how you read it in those words. I wanted to translate this into English, and it was my ambition to translate it into other languages as well as English. For example, if it is Japanese like "tanami," it is cool, because you look at the shelf, it is "tanaminami. It's like, "I see. It's good, but on the other hand, when you say "syntopic reading," it's easy for English speakers to understand what you mean. The reason is that, as this book itself explains, "Sin means together" and "topic" means topic, so reading multiple books on a single topic is syntopic reading, but it is not so easy for Japanese speakers to understand. I like the term "rhetorical afterimage" very much, but the word "afterimage" has the character "zo" at the end of the line break. I like the term "rhetorical afterimage" very much, but the word "afterimage" has the character for "image" at the end of the new line. This is a challenge for the future. It would be good to have a name for the expanded edition. If you come up with a good name, please let me know. If you come up with a good name, please let me know. I'll add it. I think I can add footnotes. How many questions was this, or was it two? Is it okay if I ask the second person the next question in this session? So please go ahead with the second one.

Male: I think the phrase "fear" was mentioned earlier in the mutual direction, and I think it is good for presenters to overcome their fear as they are preparing for the presentation, but on the other hand, I was wondering if there is any way to reduce the fear or make it easier for the participants to overcome their fear?

Nishio: Yes, it is. It's fear. I am not very good at asking questions either, so I think there is some fear, but one way to reduce it is to start the conversation by raising your hand as soon as possible. If you raise your hand when you want to ask a question, but you raise your hand when you don't have a clear idea of what you want to ask, and you experience slowness, you will feel that you didn't do very well, and you will be afraid to ask a question the next time. But whether one minute is long or short, once you have had time to think quietly by yourself and ask a question, it becomes easier to have a successful experience of asking a question, which in turn makes it easier to ask a question the next time, and I think it will be a good cycle. This was one of the challenges we tried this time.

Man: The point is to connect to the next one 〓00:35:48 〓

Nishio: Yes, that's right. I still think that successful experiences are a source of confidence.

Man: Okay, I understand. Thank you very much.

Nishio: The third one.

Male: In your presentation today, you used the word "experiment" a lot, but I was wondering if you consciously think about conducting experiments on a regular basis, or if you do conduct experiments, how do you summarize the results?

Nishio: By this experimentation, do you mean a place at a study group presentation or... on a daily basis?

Man: Are you conscious of doing such things on a daily basis?


Nishio: Quite a lot of things are experiments on a daily basis. For example, I experimented with using sticky notes to create presentation materials, and it worked well, so I have continued to do so. I recently experimented with handwritten presentations on my iPad, and it worked surprisingly well, so I'm doing it again this time. I also forgot to use the ability to walk around in places where no wires are connected, even though I had made it possible to do so. I forgot to use it even though I had made it so that the presenter could walk around and ask questions. This was an experiment to allow the presenter to talk to people in the back of the room and do such things. You never know if it will be accepted or not until you try it. On the other hand, the person who is doing something interesting may feel a little relieved when he or she sees the person's face because he or she has such an atmosphere. I am thinking that it would be interesting to write down how I am composing this in my scrapbook and see if anyone else can copy it. So I am very conscious of experimentation. In the book "The Art of Intellectual Production of Engineers," it is said that after gathering information and abstracting it in one's mind, one actually does it and learns new things from the results, which leads to the next cycle. This is exactly the cycle of experimentation and verification. By repeating the cycle of formulating a hypothesis, conducting experiments, and verifying whether the hypothesis is correct, the hypothesis will change into a better one. This cycle is one of the points I emphasize in the book.

Man: Yes, sir. Thank you very much.

NISHIO: Was there three people in this session or four? Sorry.

Male: I think Nishio-san is utilizing scrapboxes, and I would like to know if there are any advantages of using scrapboxes in intellectual production techniques. I would like to know if there are any advantages of using a scrap box in intellectual production techniques.

Nishio: Yes, that's right. I wrote the manuscript of this book in 2017, when I had just started using scrapboxes and before I realized the advantages of scrapboxes. If I had written the book now, I would have written a lot about scrapbooks. In that sense, it was a bit of a waste. The best thing about the scrapbox, to put it simply, is that things I've written in the past are suddenly suggested to me, and I think that I've written something like this in the past. Scrapbox. The fact that a search will find hits from your past writings applies to anything you have written down in Evernote or any other electronic tool in the world. You're talking about the usefulness of scrapbox suggestions. What was it, for example? Pro-Theory...if I write "Pro-Theory" which one is it, Prospect Theory, Flow Theory, or Option Price Theory? Something like that. This ambiguous search is very strong. So, "What is that? So, "What is that? What I mean by that is, for example, if you open it up a little bit more, you can see that there are no good examples. For example, if you open it up a little more, a good example won't come up, but the written text will pop up and unexpected things will be suggested. It's an ambiguous search, so it doesn't have to be a perfect match. I wonder if it's one of the scrap boxes. It doesn't come up right away. You can put in not only words, but also slightly longer phrases. So let's make one page here. It's got a scrapbox tag on it, but that's okay. I think it's probably hard to see the 〓00:40:35〓, but I'll try my best to enlarge it and make it look better. When you talk about the impossibility of something, and you put in the word impossible, you get a whole list of things that involve the impossible. I think there is a quote somewhere on this page that says, for example, "Difficulty means that something is impossible, but there is room for ingenuity. If so, I think there is a link on this page to the "Impossible" section. Open this page. Then, I would open this page, and I would see that this was a sentence that I was writing (laughs), and I would write the title "Difficulty is not impossibility, but room for ingenuity. The results that are caught by ambiguous searches in this sentence will be suggested there. So, if you put the word "impossible" in brackets around the word in another sentence, it will be suggested, and there will be a page with an interesting title. It is important to make the title interesting, and then the suggestions will come up with interesting stories. What is this? I opened it and this is relevant. Then something happens like, "I wrote this three years ago," and the person I was three years ago is a little different from the person I am now. Even if I am saying similar things, I am seeing things from a slightly different perspective, so when I think about them together, I can say that my past self was saying this, but my current self is thinking this, and this is what I think about this part, and that is how it develops. This is a very important engine that drives intellectual production, so we are trying to figure out how we can make it more active, and we want to put all the contents of the intellectual production techniques of engineers here, but the publishers are complaining. Because it would definitely be interesting to put it in here, clause by clause, paragraph by paragraph. What's interesting is that I actually made it here, and then it would look like this. Because the image of each page will appear here. For example, if you want to search for something I wrote about in this book, you can find it here. For example, if you want to search for "I wrote something about this in this book," you can search for it here. For example, creation is subjective, which is a very important keyword, so I'll put it here. I just linked to this "Creation is subjective," and now it's a blue link. The fact that it is now a blue link means that this keyword must be connected to some other page. If you click on the subjective page, all the pages with the word "subjective" will appear here. You can compare the subjective pages here and here. If you tag the keywords that you think are interesting when you read the text, you will forget about them later, and when you are writing another text, you will think that this is an important keyword, and the moment you tag it as a link, it will turn blue instead of red. Oh, it led somewhere. Workportal connected to somewhere! It's like. You don't know where it's connected, but if there's a work portal that looks like it's connected to somewhere, you jump in. This is interesting. Then, something I wrote three years ago pops up that I didn't expect, and I think, "Oh, I see! It's very interesting. I've done a lot of advertising for Scrapbox, but I don't receive any back margin from Scrapbox, so please feel free to use it for your own personal use, and please use it as much as you like. I hope you will use it for free.

Man: Yes, sir. Thank you very much.

Nishio: Now that we have run out of questions for this session, we have about 15 minutes left, so we will start another thinking time. Let's get started. Let's start. Okay, first one. Okay, one minute has passed. Does anyone have any other questions? Okay, let's start with the first one.

Male: Yes. I asked Mr. Furuhashi of Treasure Data how he started programming and became an engineer, and he said that Super Science High School and Unexplored were important in that. He said that Super Science High School and Unexplored were important.

Nishio: I see.

Male: 〓00:46:29〓 was asked there, and when I said, then what should we do to increase the number of people like Mr. Furuhashi, he answered, "Taxes.

Nishio: Taxes (laughs) Taxes, huh?

Male: You mentioned Super Science High School and Unexplored. He said that he was able to grow as a teacher through a system backed up by the taxpayers' money. But he said that this was a measure to make the best students even better. So 〓00:46:53〓さん, I think you asked this question because you have recently given birth to a child. How can I get children who don't know whether they can do it or not to become interested in software development, programming, etc. and develop their abilities? When I asked Mr. Furuhashi, he replied, "I don't know.

Nishio: I see.

Male: So I was wondering if you have an answer to this question.

Nishio: I see. First of all, the question is whether programming thinking is the right place to start,

Male: Yes.

Nishio: At this point in time, there is a lot of talk about programming thinking, but the children born today will become adults 20 years from now, and I think it is possible to narrow down the field of what will be important skills in 20 years' time to programming, communication skills, project management skills, and so on. I think the most important thing is the ability to improve through trial and error, and that's what I wanted to emphasize in the "Intellectual Production Techniques of Engineers.

Male: Okay. So then it's not just about programming?

Nishio: It is not limited to that. However, in the process of learning programming, I have learned programming by repeating this cycle of actually writing a program, running it, saying why it did not work, fixing this part, and then making it work. I think this is the most important point of learning, and I believe that repeating trial-and-error and experimenting to improve is an effective way to learn not only programming, but also in a wide range of fields.

Man: So if you want to teach children or young people, you have to read or chew up this book on intellectual production.

Nishio: Oh, I think it is difficult to make people read, so programming, for example, is a chance to actually experience this way of learning. There are things in the world that can be learned through repeated trial and error, and there are things that cannot be learned through repeated trial and error. For example, if there is a child who wants to draw a picture but doesn't want to do so unless he or she can draw a good, beautiful picture from the start, I say, "Let's try it first, even if you make a mistake. If a child tries to write a picture but doesn't want to do it because he/she doesn't want to be afraid of not being able to draw a good, beautiful picture from the beginning, you teach them that it is a good thing if they don't do well and that they should try to improve their drawing. This is the same concept. Do what the child is interested in. It is not limited to programming. But I think that the cycle of improvement is a common and useful essence.

Man: Thank you very much.

Nishio: Thank you very much. So I tried one more time to go to the back because I had forgotten all about it (laughs)... Who was the second question? (Laughter) Who was the second questioner? So let's go there.

Male: Yes. Now that you mentioned trial and error, I would like to know the balance between input and output. I read many people who say that you should not only acquire knowledge, but also take action! I wonder how Nishio-san thinks about the balance between input and output.

Nishio: I see. That is the first part of the cycle of this... When you say "balance," you may feel that there is a certain amount. But there is no specific good cycle. When you want to learn something, the first thing you do is gather information. This is input. After gathering information, you should not just gather information and then gather information again, but rather, as soon as you have gathered information, you should actually try it out and then verify whether or not the concepts that you have accumulated as a result of gathering information are correct. It is important to quickly turn this cycle around. For example, I don't think that you should spend three years collecting this information. For example, if I say I am going to study machine learning, how can I make this cycle go faster? So, if balance is not a ratio, but a number of times, it would be 1:1. I think it is better to try to collect information as many times as possible. I don't want to do only input, and I don't want to do only output.

Man: Thank you very much.

NISHIO: Okay, can we have one more session, and I'll start the timer for one minute.
Yes, one. two. three. four. five. six. Anybody who has not yet asked a question? Okay, time out. Let's start with the first person and answer shortly.

Male: First of all, we had a session in which we had to think of a question and Nishio-san answered it, but you didn't give us a subject at first.

Nishio: Subject?

Male: Subject. You started without asking us to think of a question on this theme. Why is that?

Nishio: I did not have the idea of setting a topic, but I did not set a test for everyone to try to think of a question. I wanted to have as many opportunities as possible to ask some questions. But I wanted to have as many opportunities as possible to ask some questions. So I never thought of simply narrowing it down.

Male: I see. I felt that it would have been easier to ask questions if you had narrowed down the scope of what questions I should ask.

Nishio: I think it is important to have free thinking. It is reactive to do something in response to a given subject, isn't it? I think it is important to be proactive and verbalize what you want to know, rather than just answering a test ordered by someone else. Even if the questions are more gentle, I think it would be better to train to challenge them without narrowing them down.

Man: Yes, sir. Thank you very much.

NISHIO: Who was the second person? Yes, the second person.

Male: Many of you mentioned that you are using scrapbox as your main tool today, but have you compared other tools besides scrapbox?

Nishio: Before Scrapbox, I used to use Evernote, but I didn't make much use of it. I was using Evernote's wiki extension, but it didn't make much difference, and I didn't really feel any advantages of switching to Evernote. I was using Evernote as a tool for comparison, not as an electronic tool for storing information, but when I think outside of the box, the KJ method fits well for me, writing on sticky notes and giving lectures. I don't have it with me right now, but I have sticky notes that I wrote on before the presentation, and I am compiling them into this. Is this how it should be?

Man: Thank you very much.

NISHIO: Okay, the third one. Yes, please go ahead.

Male: I think you mentioned earlier that you had posted a link to this site three years ago, and I thought maybe you were trying to create an unexpected experience for yourself, but I would like to ask you what else you do.

Nishio: In the scrapbox, links to common keywords are suggested, and it seems to be connected to them. I've been looking at it a lot lately because it's rather interesting to see what I was thinking about 3 years ago. I think it's because they were not just excited about current news on Facebook... but they were posting the results of their thinking about it, so even if you look at them three years later, there are still some useful things in them. Conversely, if you look back at the articles you wrote three years ago...for example, if you are a blogger, when you look at the articles you wrote three years ago, you can judge whether what you wrote then has become obsolete three years later or not. If the articles I wrote were obsolete across the board, I would wonder what I was doing. When you know that one article is not obsolete and another article is obsolete, you can start a cycle of shifting your direction to one that is less prone to obsolescence. In fact, I have been writing a blog for a long time, I don't remember how long, and sometimes I see links to it on Twitter, etc., because I do ego searches, but then I came across an article from seven years ago, and when I looked at it, it had some good things in it (laughs). I was like, "I'm writing good things. I think I need to gradually shift my focus to things that maintain their value over time.

Man: Thank you very much.

Nishio: Yes. Next fourth.

Male: What do you feel most now that the experiment is coming to an end, compared to what you thought at first?

Nishio: Yes, that's right. The first one minute of silence was very scary, but after the fourth time, it became less scary, and I was thinking of making it 5 minutes, but I decided to make it 1 minute and if no one raised their hand, I was going to extend it by 1 minute, but it never turned out to be a good idea to extend it. I was going to give them a minute and if nobody raised their hand, I was going to extend it for a minute. So, one of the reassuring points is that this time I found out that if the concept is communicated that after the one-minute thinking time is over, the next response time will start, it will turn around properly. In fact, when I had a one-minute thinking time and no one asked a question, I would extend the time by another minute five or ten times, and my heart would become a wreck. I think that the organizers would raise their hands if they were worried that I was falling apart in front of them. One thing I learned this time was that this part went surprisingly well. Another point was the small size of the letters. I think this was a failure. You can't see the letters on the timer when you come to this part of the room. I think this was a big failure this time. If I do the same thing next time, I will look for an application that allows me to see the letters larger. That's what I'm thinking.

Man: Thank you very much.

NISHIO: I think there was about one more case, the fifth one.

Male: I think you mentioned that you were aware of experimentation, but I think the first thing that comes up for experimentation is a hypothesis, and I would like to know if you have any tips on how to formulate such a hypothesis.

Nishio: Tips for making a hypothesis. If you think you have to make a hypothesis, and you want to make a very precise one, you may wonder how you should make a hypothesis. For example, what would be interesting if we do something like this? This is a hypothesis. For example, if you are not standing in front, you can do something like this. For example, if you think it would be easier to have a conversation if you came to this area instead of standing in front of it, you could try that. If you call this in a formal language, it is called a hypothesis, but instead of writing a report that it is this way as a hypothesis in writing, you make it more casually. The moment you think, "Is it like this? The moment you think, "This is what I think," that is a hypothesis. The more you repeat this cycle, the easier it will become to come up with hypotheses. Also, as you realize how effective, how beneficial, and how much you are learning by doing this, you will feel more and more compelled to do more. I think it is important to first let go of the feeling that you have to make a solid hypothesis at the beginning. I think we have run out of time for all the questions, is that correct? Thank you all for your attention.

Moderator: We'll take a break for a couple of minutes, and then you don't have any more questions, do you?

Audience: (laughs)

Moderator: we'll take a break for a couple of minutes and then we'll go to the second part.

Nishio: If you think of a question after the event, please contact us via Twitter, Facebook, email, or any other means, and we may look at it.
