One Night Werewolf Transcriptions 1-3
[BMOT One Night Werewolf #1]
[One Night Werewolf]

Mr. Nishio, Mr. Tachikawa, Mr. Yamada, Mr. Iwanaga and others

Nishio: Someone who wants to speak up.
Iwanaga: He was a fortune teller.
Tachikawa: Yes. Who did you divine?
Iwanaga: I had Mr. Nishio. Then it was a villager.
Nishio: Oh, you are right.
Tachikawa: Oh!
Nishio: The same composition as in the previous game has occurred.
Yamada: I was also a fortune teller.
Tachikawa: What?
Nishio: Oh.
Tachikawa: Who did you divine?
Yamada: I divined Nishio-san and he was a villager.
Nishio: Oh. Under the current circumstances, Mr. Tachikawa...no, no. I would say he was a fortune teller.
Tachikawa: Now this is what I mean. What is strange is that from our point of view, Nishio-san...I am a villager. It's nothing.
Nishio: I am also a villager.
Tachikawa: So one of these two is a werewolf. Without a doubt.
Nishio: Yes.
Tachikawa: Just to clarify the situation, Mr. Iwanaga first said he was a fortune teller. After that, you chased after him and said (that Mr. Yamada was a fortune teller). I wondered why you imitated him so much. It's looking very much like a werewolf-like move right now.
Yamada: Because he is a fortune teller.
Nishio: I think there is a great possibility that this is true, and I don't think there is any contradiction, or perhaps it is not surprising, since it is natural that there would be a delay of one step due to the fact that the player is still unfamiliar with the game.
Tachikawa: I noticed that Iwanaga-san is quite good at it after the third time.
Iwanaga: No, no, no.
Tachikawa: Good!
Iwanaga: It's a good opportunity.
Nishio: It is more interesting to stir things up since it is an opportunity.
Iwanaga: By speaking up as soon as possible, I'm a little...
Tachikawa: Hoh~ But I was thinking that it must have taken a lot of courage for Iwanaga-san to make a statement and declare that Nishio-san is a villager. If you are a werewolf. I don't know if there was another werewolf or not, but the probability of being a villager here is not that high.
Nishio: No, 2/6, right?
Tachikawa: Oh, I see. No, but I don't know myself.
Nishio: Okay, so it's 2/5.
Tachikawa: It's 2/5, and it takes a lot of courage to assert that it is so with a 2/5 probability... because if I'm wrong, it will collapse.
Iwanaga: Yeah. Iwanaga: Yeah.
Tachikawa: The fact that Mr. Yanai said that so openly makes me think that he is a real fortune teller.
Nishio: Yeah, yeah.
Iwanaga: I think it is good.
Tachikawa: So I look at it very suspiciously, relatively speaking.
Yamada: I see. I think it is still difficult for me to understand because my facial expressions show various things, but what do you think? I think I am a fortune teller.
Nishio: Hmmm.
Tachikawa: Why?
toll of a bell
Tachikawa: If you were really a fortune teller when Mr. Iwanaga was speaking, would you have delayed a little one step instead of immediately after he spoke?
Yamada: I'm not sure how to put it... I'm still not sure if it's better to pile it on or keep my mouth shut...
Nishio: I understand that decision.
Iwanaga: Rather, why did you look here? I heard that you should look here.
Yamada: Somehow, even earlier, when I opened my eyes, I saw Mr. Nishio, and that's all.
Nishio: I think that question about why you looked here instead of here applies to me.
Tachikawa: It's a boomerang.
Iwanaga: I was most familiar with Mr. Nishio among the four and wanted to find out what was going on.
Tachikawa: I see.
Iwanaga: It is possible that they have been replaced since then.
Nishio: There is certainly no possibility of there not being a thief.
Tachikawa: I am not a thief.
Nishio: I am not a thief either. It is possible that one of these two was the thief and also that the thief was a werewolf who was unlucky enough to steal.
Tachikawa: There is!
Nishio: There is.
toll of a bell
NISHIO: We have one minute left. But for now, I'm pretty sure that these two are clean, and one of them is...
Tachikawa: Yes, yes, yes.
Iwanaga: Why is it here in Shiro?
Yamada: Yes, yes.
Iwanaga: I don't think there is any basis at all.
Nishio: I see. Is that so?
Tachikawa: But wait a minute. I don't know if I'm clean or not, objectively, but what I am sure of is that even though one of the two is black, it seems very strange to say that I am not black. However, what is certain is that one of the two is black, but it seems very strange to say that I am black. Why did you go to me and not to Yamada-san, the other fortune teller?
Nishio: That's because these two could be black.
Iwanaga: That's true, too,
NISHIO: Because it is not good to misrepresent that I am clean.
Iwanaga: I doubt that Mr. Tachikawa is the first to speak in the first place.
Tachikawa: (laughs)
Nishio: Indeed! That's interesting.
Tachikawa: Eh.
Nishio: You can try fishing Tachikawa-san this time.
Tachikawa: Character fishing is not good. Character fishing is not good.
Iwanaga: But the character comes out strongly.
toll of a bell
Nishio: Voting.
3、2、1。
Tachikawa: No way!
Nishio: Now what happens.
Iwanaga: Innocent villagers...
Nishio: I killed an innocent villager.
Iwanaga: Ah, so this is the pattern.
Tachikawa: What is that? Wait a minute, what do you mean?
Tachikawa: No werewolves.
Nishio: Pattern with no werewolves.
Iwanaga: This was a thief, but it was me. After replacing it, you look at yourself, right?
Nishio: I don't see it. I don't see it.
Iwanaga: I thought you didn't see it?
Nishio: Yes.
Tachikawa: You can look.
Nishio: Oh, I see. So the thief looks after stealing?
Iwanaga: So you can look at it after you steal it?
Tachikawa: I don't know about the stolen side.
Nishio: I shouldn't be the one to see it.
Iwanaga: So White and White are fixed.
Nishio: So it is true that you are a fortune teller.
Tachikawa: What? Why did you lie?
(Laughter)
Tachikawa: And then...why did you lie?
Iwanaga: I thought I'd give it a try.
Tachikawa: (laughs) No, I didn't understand. It was here (mountain), wasn't it? Werewolf. What is that?
Nishio: I had not even considered that possibility.
Tachikawa: Wow - oh, I see. I did not expect that at all.
Nishio: It was a big problem because of the suspicion that was created in the place by the fact that we might try a little bit. An innocent person... an innocent person who is not even an office holder at all (laughs).
Tachikawa: Wow - such a thing...
Iwanaga: Basically, I'm wondering if I should tell the truth...
Nishio: No, that would be too obvious if it turned out that I was basically telling the truth.
Iwanaga: Well, that's right.
Tachikawa: Wow - what's this?
Nishio: These are interesting games.
