One Night Werewolf Transcription 1-1
[BMOT One Night Werewolf #1]
[One Night Werewolf]

Mr. Nishio, Mr. Tachikawa, Mr. Yamada, Mr. Iwanaga and others

Tachikawa: initiated.
Iwanaga: The bells ring at 3, 4, and 5 minutes respectively.
Nishio: Well.
Tachikawa: Well, how about I start this off...I am a fortune teller.
Nishio: Really?
Tachikawa: I am a fortune teller. Last night I divined these two in the middle. The results were a werewolf and a thief. So one of these four is a werewolf. And there is no card exchange.
Nishio: I see. Because the thief was here.
Tachikawa: Because the thief is here.
Nishio: Yes.
Tachikawa: I am the fortune teller here, so it should be werewolf, villager, and villager.
Iwanaga: Werewolf, villager, and villager.
Tachikawa: Fortune teller, three of you are werewolf, werewolf, and villager. One of the three of you must be a werewolf.
Nishio: I see.
Iwanaga: I honestly don't know anything about it because I was a villager when I saw it.
Nishio: I was a villager too, but then I think it's a pretty tough game situation where you're the first person to be a werewolf (laughs).
Iwanaga: Yes.
Nishio: If this is the way it is, and this place (Yamada-san) is a werewolf, then you (Yamada-san) will die.
Yamada: I am also a villager.
Tachikawa: (laughs)
Yamada: I was wondering what I would do if I became a fortune teller since it was my first time, but I am a little relieved because I just sleep all the time.
Nishio: Information has been lost.
Iwanaga: Someone is lying.
Nishio: Someone is lying and saying that they are all villagers...so there is no thief to begin with.
Tachikawa: There is no thief to begin with.
Iwanaga: But I'm looking here and saying that one werewolf is in...
Nishio: If Mr. Tachikawa is correct, then one of these three is a werewolf and has no information, but it is very possible that Mr. Tachikawa is a werewolf to begin with and is lying at the mouth.
Iwanaga: Yes, that's right.
Nishio: Why did you decide to select the middle two cards?
Tachikawa: Because I thought the middle two sheets had the most information.
Nishio: Yes.
Tachikawa: It's no use knowing if one is a villager or not, so I wondered who is not so and who is not here, and it was a werewolf and a thief.
Iwanaga: That is set in stone.
Tachikawa: Yes. But there are two and a half minutes left. I'm actually lying about one thing. In fact, there were actually werewolf and villager cards here. As a matter of fact, one of the three people other than myself should be the thief, not the villager.
Nishio: In the current situation, why didn't anyone say that Mr. Tachikawa was lying because I am a thief?
Tachikawa: Why is this?
Nishio: Me, I thought it was because Mr. Tachikawa was lying. There is a growing realization, though, that Mr. Tachikawa was simply a werewolf.
Iwanaga: I don't know why he lied at first.
Yamada: Why did you have to lie?
Tachikawa: Let me explain why I had to lie. Wouldn't it be easier for everyone if I said that I am a fortune teller and there is a thief and a werewolf in the middle, isn't that easy to claim?
Nishio: You mean that you thought that would happen because you could all say that you are villagers.
Iwanaga: Yes, that's right.
Tachikawa: But I was wondering why no one came forward here. That is, I think there is a thief who was originally a thief, but became a werewolf as a result of exchanging cards with a thief. The former thief. So that person has a situation where he/she cannot come forward and say, "I was a thief and I exchanged cards. I was a thief and exchanged cards.
Nishio: That certainly makes sense too.
Tachikawa: If there is any circumstance that prevents me from coming forward, it is the only one. Because I, for example, think that Mr. Nishio was originally a thief and exchanged cards with Mr. Iwanaga.
Nishio: I have 30 seconds left, so let's see who we can catch.
Tachikawa: You have to decide who to fish for.
Nishio: I think it would be better to catch Mr. Tachikawa anyway. Because I feel that the logic is broken, or the connection is being forced.
Iwanaga: I thought Mr. Nishio was quite suspicious when he said
Nishio: That's one of the correlations. So we have six seconds left, but is there anything you would like to argue?
Tachikawa: Yes, let's go.
Nishio: It hasn't chimed yet.
toll of a bell
Tachikawa: Coming. 3, 2, 1.
(laughter)
Tachikawa: I just received two votes.
Nishio: Two votes in.
Iwanaga: One vote for me.
Nishio: There was one vote. See if Mr. Tachikawa is a werewolf.
Maekawa: Yes.
〓00：05：20 〓
Maekawa: The werewolf wins this time.
Nishio: Why did you lie?
Iwanaga: Yes.
Yamada: Yes.
Tachikawa: The reason for this is that I thought the game would stop if I said there was a thief in the middle. In other words, the thief is here.
Iwanaga: It reduces uncertainty considerably.
Tachikawa: Yes. At first I told the truth, but when the thief was here, everyone would claim that I was a villager and the story would end. So I thought it would not be interesting as a test case, so I changed the story to say that I lied in the middle of the story and watched how everyone would say it. That's what happened.
Nishio: I see.
Tachikawa: But as it turned out, it backfired and I was now executed for being suspicious.
Nishio: The first time you play, suddenly the fortune teller's first coming out was actually a lie.
