bad person
2018-12-28 Digitizing what was crumpled in the corner of my office
	I don't know when I made it.

	bad person
 	The phrase "don't be fooled by bad people" is misleading. People who are cheated don't think the cheaters are bad people until they are cheated.
 	Thinking that the other person is a "bad person" is naivety, that you are a good person and should be protected.
　Trying to draw a line between yourself and [psychopaths] is a dangerous idea.
 	Rationalist, egocentric
 		Maximize your own profit.
 		The act may be detrimental to the interests of others.
 		I have no malicious intent.
 			It is not about harming the interests of others.
 			I'm just maximizing my own profit.
 	Discrimination is not easy.
 		A play that reciprocates early in a series of games and leaves with a big payoff at the end.
		Don't find malice in what can be explained by incompetence [Hanlon's Razor].
			Damage occurs regardless of malice.
				Risk of Mr. X incurring damages due to a misunderstanding.
				Distortion by the game of messages
				The phenomenon of one active person becoming a hub.
					Efficient if you can trust Mr. X, but risks becoming SPOF.
						Trade-off between risk and efficiency
					Don't talk to strangers." (Listen only to me.)
					All communication must go through me."
					Danger signs
	Avoid one-on-one
		Retaliation mechanism by the community
		Beware of SPOF
	Disadvantages of one-to-one communication
		Whether the message conveyed is the correct one
		Have a second opinion
	prisoner's dilemma
		Global optimal solution A and individual optimal solution B may differ
		Nice guy" = flower garden.
		Growing up in an environment where everyone around me chose A, I never expected anyone to choose B.
		As a result, I choose A myself.
		Conscience, Justice, Assumption
	Measure 1
		broadcast communication system
			Email reports, FB groups, kintone, etc.
	Measure 2
		Make another pass when concerns arise
		Hinting at its existence is a deterrent to malicious deception.
	Communication over unreliable transmission lines
		Return ACK.
		If you don't get what you're supposed to get, send a resend request.
	Create a system where X loses more than he gains after he betrays you.
		Retaliation mechanism by the community
	Concept of Community
		Community is bigger than any member
	Not a good sign
 	high-risk choice
 		Low fear
 		factitious distortion space
		Yields are not sustainable.
		Short time to harvest
		Can you pivot when you're wrong?
		Can you delegate a job to someone better than yourself?
		Not offering a harvest to those who have earned it.
[https://gyazo.com/2c3d70519a81fb41090b28bba113ff34]
