The art of tidying up for women who can't put things away! The Art of Tidying Up
[https://gyazo.com/6e22c5695b9925c29eedd30953a27d94]
	[Amazon https://amzn.to/2CEUzky]
	[Akiko Ikeda]

	The story of the author, a resident of a rather seriously messy room, who was dumped by her boyfriend who suddenly visited and saw her room, to a seemingly normal situation.
	The sequel, [What you need, right away! Organizational skills to get what you need out of the box quickly!] in which editor Noriko Matsuda pointed out the lack of organization, and further improvements were made.
		I wrote "sequel" from the reader's perspective, but this is Bungeishunju and that is Media Factory, so it's unclear what the relationship is.

	Bad pattern of buying storage thinking, "The clutter is because we don't have proper storage."

How to improve from a fairly serious state of disrepair.
The style is not to clean up in the short term but to clean up gradually over time.
	1: Build a base
		First, bulldoze piles of stuff on the floor to create a tidy space (desk, etc.).
		Keep this place tidy.
		Place important items and other items unearthed during the cleanup here (Step 3).
	2: Clean up from the kitchen
		The kitchen has very few memories, documents, or other things to use your head to make decisions.
		Expired food and moldy rags must be thrown away.
		Ideal for building a successful experience of getting rid of things by throwing them away more and more.
	3: Gather daily-use items at the base
		As we go about our lives, we need things, we look for them, we happen to find them, and gradually we find things that are important to us.
		Collect these things at the base so you don't have to search for them.
		Less time spent on daily "looking for stuff" and more time to spare.
			Leading to a success story by being tidy.
		If you simply collect, you'll eventually be flooded with stuff.
			Inability to "keep things tidy."
			So, introduce shelves and other items to organize them.
 		This is a delayed evaluation arrangement
 			Difficult to try to clean up an entire cluttered room
 				Too much stuff.
 			By collecting the items that are needed, the "frequently needed" items are gradually organized.
	4: Throw away what you don't use now.
		cleaning
			Just as we poop as long as we live, our rooms will get dirty as long as we live.
			Same as going to the bathroom.
		If you don't have access to it when you need it, you don't have it.
			If you're saving something for "maybe someday I'll use it," you need to be able to remember it when you need it.
		Keeping what you bought by mistake does not erase the mistake.
	5: Make a map of the room
		define a territory
		Related: [Hearing on dissatisfaction with Scrapbox].

	Enemies get bigger and stronger when they stick together.
