silver and gold
[https://images-fe.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61xyHW69PAL.jpg]
	silver and gold
	[Nobuyuki Fukumoto]

Manga by Nobuyuki Fukumoto, famous for Akagi and Kaiji, serialized from 1992 to 1996.
1992 is the year Akagi began serialization (until 2018)
1996 is the year Kaiji began serialization (until 1999)
It seems to me that they are trying a lot of experimental things with this piece. The stories are mixed.
Personally, I don't find the "mass murder by grudge of relatives" in the latter half of the film to be very interesting.
As for "Horse Racing," the device is interesting, but it proceeds without a protagonist, and the ending is not as satisfying as it could have been due to the censoring of the story.

	introduction
		[He who decides late is the wrong way.]
		You have to expand the world, [and] the world of those who kill will not expand.
			It is hard to imagine oneself killing others in the real world. Maybe we could generalize a bit more, and say that you are someone who crushes other people's projects, destroys other people's psychological safety, or undermines other people's motivation.
			
	large-scale speculative go-around
		[Money runs away when people who don't have the wherewithal to hold it have it.]
		Recording Tape Tricks
			There is an A with resource X
			There is a B with another resource Y
			A and B are unable to negotiate directly, and C is acting as an intermediary.
			A wants Y, B wants A to keep X (does not want A to give it to C).
			Taking advantage of the fractured nature of the negotiations, C
				To A, "I give you Y in exchange for X."
				To B, "A keeps X and gives Y to A."
			and can negotiate on two fronts to take X before information sharing between A and B occurs.
		Tricks of the Board
			Staging holding secret information
			Revealing the secret of the person who made the objection at the board meeting, making it impossible to argue for fear that if you argue, the other board members might reveal a secret that they don't know about.
	Psychopathic Confinement
		When there's a way out, they try to escape.
	A forensic eye for painting
		When you invest money to relieve the fear that you might fail, you can't fail even more because you're too afraid of the money you've invested.
	cheating poker
	Seikyo Mahjong
		Rules are not absolute and can be changed through negotiation.


