Paint the area you can reach.
>When I was working on a number of issues and fine-tuning my value, it was easy to contribute as a number of small issues to solve, but as a skill, I just kept coloring the areas I could reach around me, and I made no effort to reach and move to the distant areas, and it was very hard for me to move, and this was the change I understood that this is what it means to change.
https://twitter.com/matsumotory/status/1082301207727632384

Continuing to work on painting areas that are out of reach will not help you reach places that are out of reach. You have to move yourself. #even if
Related concept: [comfort zone].

context
>When I thought about my track record of improving my engineering skills, I used to be a problem solver anyway, and when I wondered why I was not as highly skilled as that guy, I realized that the amount of detailed problem solving I did was not close to the return I could get from my technical investment, and when I started to be aware of that, I felt I had changed a lot. I feel like I changed a lot when I started to be aware of that.

>Technical investment is the perspective that, for example, an initiative by itself will not immediately generate value, nor will people pay attention to it, but there will be a large return if this initiative is developed, and at the same time, this is something that is difficult to do without having fun while continuing it. At the same time, it is something that is not easy to do unless you continue to enjoy it. But the returns are very large.
	[Long-term investment]

>I think that learning steadily and then guiding yourself to do what you enjoy and like as much as possible will eventually produce great value, and it is good to have this sense of cost and sense of investment because you are an engineer. To do this, I need to learn [common principles] for many things.

>I'm an engineer and I know the technology, so I want to keep making creative things on my own, not just solving problems when various events happen or making things that I'm told to make.
	Reactive] action on events
	Lack of [initiative] to make what they are told
