Value of Choice" Backgammon
	Taste is normal [backgammon].
	So even children can play and don't need long explanations before playing.
	However, effects such as "back one" and "back to square one" can choose when to be activated in this game.
		In general Sugoroku, "dice are rolled and triggered immediately after reaching a square," but not this one.
		The physical implementation is like an "effect card" placed in a square and the first person to reach it gets the card.
	All effect cards must be used up before they go up.
		If you reach your goal without running out, turn back.
	[The Value of Choices: A game that lets you experience the value of choices.

Proposed Effects
	I think all the effect cards could be negative effects.
		By choosing the timing of activation, you can turn a disaster into a blessing.
	Return to N Mass
		They can be triggered after the dice are rolled.
		After rolling the dice and receiving the effect of the square you arrived at, go back N squares and receive the effect of the square you returned to as well.
		You can't avoid the outcome of the dice, you can accept it and then move on.
	payout control
		Activate it before rolling the dice to control the dice roll afterwards.
		If the dice rolls 4, 5, or 6, read 1, 2, or 3, respectively.
		The dice rolls on an odd number, it reads 1, and on an even number, it reads 2."
	go back to the start
		Effect after the same dice roll as "N squares back"
		Would you prefer "the last player's place" instead of "the first player's place?"

There could be a "positive effect" that is fixed on the masses and not consumed.
	If the user who is ahead takes all the effect cards, the user who is behind will proceed through a blank square.
	Effects fixed on the masses may be available to lagging users and not to leading users, thus increasing the likelihood of reversal for lagging users
	Advance six squares to the position of the next effect card and get that effect card."
	Might be nice if this had multiple effects to choose from.
	"Any one of you can pass the 'back to square one' you have to the first place player."

It might be better if all six squares before the goal were "back to square one".
In other words, if you simply proceeded at high speed, you would surely step on the "back to where you started" at least once and be sent back.
Or is it still better to leave open the possibility of a lucky win rather than "definitive" and ask, "Which option is better?" and "which option is better"?

tokoroten proposal
　Place a negative card and a positive card on top of each other in a square. The first player gets the negative card, the one who comes later gets the positive card, and the square with no card is skipped.

Other ideas
	You can discard all the cards, but you can also discard the card without activating it."
	"Let any one of them move to the next card square, and get the card of the square he/she moved to."
	"Any one card held by any other person is moved to any person."
	The card is discarded after it is used. You may choose to discard this card after use."


rejected plan
	I thought it would be interesting to make the positive effect "roll two dice to advance" as "forced activation, cannot be deactivated" and "the goal cannot be reached unless the player stops exactly at the goal" to make it look like an advantageous card but the player moves too fast in front of the goal to go up easily. However, I thought it would be uninteresting because the game would not converge well.
		If you're lucky enough to have a strong outbreak, just get it over with and go on to the next play.

#Management Game Proposal
