Prisoner Training
[https://images-fe.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61Sgr6H2FlL.jpg]
	Prisoner Training The Ultimate Bodyweight for Overwhelming Strength [Strength Training].
	[Amazon https://amzn.to/2CIN2A8]

Very good book except for the cover and the criticism of bodybuilders.


	[weight training] commentary by an author who has coached muscle training in the absence of expensive gym machinery.
	Each part is divided into 6 series of 10 steps.
	There are three levels per step: beginner, intermediate, and advanced. Increase the number of times.
	A layman like me would do step one of a series of four of them.
	Gradually step up after you can do step 1.
	What the word "push-up" conjures up in my mind is Step 5: "Full Push-Up."
	What you might imagine by the word "squat" is also Step 5: "full squat."
	I had never trained to pull.
		Step 5 of this, the "full pull-up" is what I imagine when I hear the word "pull-up".
	Abdominal muscle training does not involve lying down and raising the upper body as one might imagine under the name "sit-ups."
		raise the side of one's knees
		Just maintain this step 1 preoperational posture and pull.
		His abdominal muscles turned out to be unexpectedly weak.

Not knowing much about muscle training, I recognized the "first steps" as what I was made to do in middle school PE, etc., but that was the equivalent of level 5 in this book. There was more up front.
And Level 1, with the exception of squats, is "this easy?" you might think.
But when you do it, there is definitely a presence in the muscles.
	Impressions one month after starting. The task is easy enough to continue. And I can feel the growth.
	The first day of Step 1 push ups, I was like, "Is this really that easy, just 10 repetitions?" I felt.
	So the next week I tried intermediate 25x2 instead of beginner 10x1. However, after about the 20th set I was having a pretty hard time and couldn't do a second set.
	This "number of times I can do it" has increased a little each week, and now, after a month, I can do 150 times 50x3!
	By having a low load, one has the presence of mind to observe one's own body.
		Currently I have more problems with my right shoulder joint than with my lack of arm muscles.
		Likewise, squats are not maintained straight because the muscles that keep the posture straight are weak.

Until now, you have been trying to do something advanced that is not at your level from the beginning and have not been able to continue.

The fact that the menu can be done without going to the gym is just right for me, as I am too lazy to go to the gym.

As for the fishing line in the obi, "Going to the gym is a waste of time and protein is unnecessary," the fact that the authors were able to help many prisoners build muscle without them makes it "not a requirement.
I think it could be more efficient if there were.

Week 5, I can now do the advanced level of Step 1 for both push and pull, so it looks like I can move on to Step 2 next week.
On the other hand, both squats and knee tucks are still beginners.
	Step 1 of squats (shoulder stand squats) took me 5 weeks to finally get my knees to my forehead. I can't straighten my legs yet, but I'm starting to get the feeling of putting the weight on my shoulders. In addition, after trying to see what step 2 feels like, I found that my soleus muscles are currently too tight to adhere to the "avoid heel lift", so I will be stretching in parallel.
	As for the knee tucks, well, I can do 10 beginner's tucks, but since I'm rather pulled to maintain posture and I'm finally able to control my breathing as instructed, I think it's a good idea to work through the beginner and intermediate levels without rushing.
