One Night Werewolf Transcription 2-1
[BMOT One Night Werewolf 2nd]
Nishio: I shuffled.
Tachikawa: Let's take it from here then, one piece at a time.
Nishio: Go ahead. Please take it.
Tachikawa: I'll take this one then.
Tachikawa: First of all, everyone.
Nishio: I look at my position.
Tachikawa: Then first then. Well, I don't know if it will work. It's the first time. Then I'll go.
Voice: Night has fallen. Fortune tellers wake up and choose someone to divine. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 0, close your eyes. Werewolves wake up and look at each other, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 0, close your eyes. Thieves wake up and steal someone's heart. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 0. Close your eyes. Close your eyes. Everyone wake up.
Tachikawa: Yes. Okay, let's start here.
Nishio: 5 min.
Tachikawa: I would like to measure for 5 minutes. Yes, start.
Man X: I divined Dr. Nishio. He was a villager.
Nishio: That is correct.
Tachikawa: Oh. That's all over, isn't it?
Nishio: No, what is it, Tachikawa-san?
Tachikawa: I did not hold any position.
Male X: Oh, I see.
Male Y: I was a werewolf.
Nishio: I'll take that (laughs).
Male Y: 〓00:13:28 〓
Nishio: Is there any current advantage in saying that?
All: (laughs)
Man X: It's going to be please stop. You'll die. Are you sure?
Tachikawa: 〓00:13:38 〓00:13:38 〓now
All: (laughs)
Nishio: If everyone feels that this is a good time to move on to voting, I think it is fine to move on to voting.
Male Y: (laughs)
Tachikawa: Shall we move on? Here it is.
Nishio: What do you want to do?
Man X: Then vote.
Tachikawa: Well, let me see.
Male Y: That is correct.
Man X: Why not?
All: (laughs)
Man X: This is my first pattern.
Tachikawa: The game has not been played.
Nishio: At any rate, the first game is now happily complete (laughs).
Tachikawa: Because of this, those on the werewolf side must move in such a way that they are not revealed to be werewolves.
Male Y: Does that mean it can't be used for bluffing things? Let's go over that one a little bit.
Man X: No. The same thing could be said if I were a werewolf. It's already a bluff.
Nishio: Let's say I was a werewolf. I would say something like, "I was the fortune teller, but when I told his fortune, he was a villager.
Man X: Yes, yes, yes.
Male Y: I see, I see.
Man X: There is a risk that the person is not a villager.
Male Y: Oh, okay, okay.
Male X: If they were wolves, they would be looking at each other, so if they're not looking at each other, it means they're human, so it's like you can say they're human.
Male Y: Oh, so that's how it is.
Nishio: If I say I'm a villager, it might be like, no, I'm not a villager, I'm a thief.
Man X: Oh, I see. Man.
Nishio: I'm going to blurt out a little something like I was a human being.
Man Y: So what I'm trying to say is.
Nishio: This is a difficult pattern because a first-time player has drawn a werewolf, which is not an option. Werewolves have more work to do.
Tachikawa: Werewolves are more difficult, really.
Nishio: It is difficult because you have to lie.
Male Y: Oh, that's what I mean. Basically.
Tachikawa: That's right.
Male Y: So it is after all. Is it possible to bluff that a person who is a werewolf is a werewolf?
Tachikawa: Basically, no. There is no such thing as a "I'm a werewolf" bluff.
Nishio: It's a very difficult bluff because it's not impossible, but it won't work unless you read the other side of the story.
Tachikawa: I would say that it is almost impossible.
Male Y: You mean good.
Nishio: It's like everyone pretends to be human.
Tachikawa: That's right. But there are games in which there are three camps in the werewolf game. So, it would be a bluff to say that I am a werewolf, but in this case, there are only the human side and the werewolf side.
Nishio: Suppose I wanted to make things interesting and said, "I was a werewolf. Then, if I tell my fortune, I would say, "No, I was a werewolf, but if I tell his fortune..."
Man X: Stop it, stop it~ (laughs)
All: (laughs)
Nishio: If either one of them 〓00:15:57〓, it would be enough, but since both of them are human beings, they don't specify 〓00:15:59〓? 〓
Male Y: I see, I see. Okay, okay, okay, okay.
Tachikawa: It's like that.
Male Y: I understand the image.
Tachikawa: That's the first thing.
Nishio: One time then.
Tachikawa: Next.
Nishio: Let's shuffle. Let's keep doing it.
Tachikawa: Then let's take it from here.
Nishio: I didn't open the game earlier, so the person who said he was a villager may have actually been a werewolf.
Tachikawa: That's right.
Male X: No, no, no, no, no.
Tachikawa: If you didn't check, it is possible.
Nishio: Let's move on.

