One Night Werewolf Transcription 2-4
[BMOT One Night Werewolf 2nd]
Tachikawa: Then please take it, everyone. I dare to take it from here. I'll take it from here. Have you checked everyone?
Nishio: It is done.
Tachikawa: Yes.
Voice: Night has fallen. Fortune tellers wake up and choose someone to divine. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 0, close your eyes. Werewolves wake up and look at each other, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 0, close your eyes. Thieves wake up and steal someone's heart. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 0. Close your eyes. Close your eyes. Everyone wake up.
Nishio: It was a scene.
Tachikawa: Is there a fortune teller?
Nishio: I was a fortune teller.
Tachikawa: (laughs)
Man Y: It was a human being.
All: (laughs)
Man X: You don't know what I mean. Isn't that too amazing?
Nishio: This statement is a bit unexpected.
Man X: I don't understand what you mean. Which is a lie.
Tachikawa: Completely one or the other now.
All: (laughs)
Tachikawa: It looks like the two of them are werewolves (laughs) and they are just saying, "Well, let's make it that way.
All: (laughs)
Nishio: I don't know how to interpret the current situation.
Tachikawa: You never know.
Male Y: Yes, yes, yes. How to interpret this soliloquy?
Man X: Mr. Y is a fortune teller?
Male Y: I don't know.
Tachikawa: What?
Male Y: I don't know if I said what I was (laughs).
Nishio: I don't know anything anymore.
Man X: What, Mr. Y doesn't want to reveal his profession?
Man Y: What? Do I have to reveal it?
Man X: You don't have to reveal it.
Nishio: There is no such obligation, of course.
Male Y: No, I don't know when to reveal this. Because you can do it anywhere within five minutes, right?
Man X: That's true.
Nishio: Go ahead with the timing that seems to give you the best chance of winning.
Male Y: Yes, yes, yes.
Nishio: You throw a huge bomb like this out of the blue.
All: (laughs)
Nishio: The game is very interesting. It's more exciting than just going quiet, but I'm not sure what it's all about.
Male Y: (laughs)
Tachikawa: Nishio-san, are you a fortune teller?
Nishio: Yes.
Tachikawa: Mr. Y is...probably human.
Nishio: I wonder? (laughs)
Male Y: (laughs)
Tachikawa: Is there a thief?
Man Y: A thief, huh?
Nishio: Oh, so Mr. Y was actually a thief but stole a werewolf?
Tachikawa: Yes. So there is one werewolf in this (pile).
Man X: Ahhh.
Tachikawa: So, I think there is a very high possibility that Nishio-san is a fortune teller. Because, with no fortune teller here, which is the pattern of being a werewolf, or which is the fortune teller?
Nishio: What is the reason? I'm positive, so I'd really like you to say something persuasive.
Male X: I'm a little confused as to what you mean by "definitely" one of the two possibilities.
Tachikawa: What was it?
Man X: So it's either a werewolf or a fortune teller, but since the fortune teller says it's absolute, I'm curious about the basis for the absolute.
Tachikawa: The reason for that is because I was a thief and exchanged fortune tellers.
Man X: Oh, I see.
Tachikawa: I see Mr. X as a werewolf now, don't I?
Man X: Oh, yeah.
Tachikawa: Or rather, if you don't think so, it doesn't add up.
Male Y: Oh, so it was a thief.
Nishio: Wait a minute, what you just said doesn't add up. So that means two people are werewolves/werewolves, right?
Tachikawa: No, it is not.
Nishio: Oh, well, there might be villagers in the mountains.
Tachikawa: It is possible that there is a villager inside. It is not impossible, but it is a bit difficult to follow the probability.
Male X: I'm not following you at all.
Male Y: Whose one did you take in the thief?
Tachikawa: I replaced it.
Male Y: What happens if you take it this way?
Tachikawa: In chronological order,
Nishio: First the fortune teller divines and it turns out to be a villager, and then the werewolf looks up and there's nobody there.
Tachikawa: So, I take the next side as the thief and I have the fortune teller here. Nishio-san, here is the thief.
Nishio: The assertion that.
Man Y: Both of them, but...they're both lying.
Nishio: No, I am not. I was not a fortune teller.
Male Y: Right.
Nishio: That's right. You are a fortune teller, right?
Male Y: Yes, yes, yes.
Nishio: I thought that was probably true. I originally thought he was a fortune teller.
Tachikawa: That's not true.
Man X: No, no, no.
Nishio: If I were really a fortune teller, I would not have to come out and say that I was not a fortune teller.
Man X: Yes, yes, yes.
Nishio: I was just a villager, so I stole it, this is a lie.
Tachikawa: Really?
Male Y: There is only me left.
Nishio: Werewolves, right?
Male Y: No, no, then the person I divined as a fortune teller was Nishio-san and Nishio-san was a werewolf.
Nishio: I don't understand. Actually, I am the werewolf!
All: (laughs)
Tachikawa: Three, two, one, yes. That's me.
Male X: Oh, okay, then. That one.
Nishio: Oh, it was a werewolf.
Man X: Oh, that's what I mean.
Tachikawa: What? What about here?
Nishio: I am the werewolf.
Male Y: (laughs)
	Well-understood explanations
		Tachikawa-san was originally a thief, Y-san a fortune teller, Nishio and X-san were werewolves.
		Y-san divines Nishio and learns he is a werewolf.
		Tachikawa-san takes X's card and becomes a werewolf.
		Mr. X thinks he and Nishio are in the werewolf camp because he thinks he and Nishio are werewolves and is unaware that Tachikawa has taken them
		Nishio bluffed and said that he was a fortune teller and that he told Mr. Y's fortune.
		Mr. Y had grasped Nishio's lie from the beginning of the game.
		Nishio hung Tachikawa-san as he had planned, but lost because Tachikawa-san had turned into a werewolf due to the effect of the thief.
			That's why X and Nishio, who were originally werewolves, "ah

Nishio: So I was honest.
Male Y: Yes, yes, I revealed it honestly at the end.
Nishio: I thought I was a werewolf/werewolf, so I called his bluff, but that's where my fellow werewolves flagged suspiciously.
Tachikawa: What do you mean?
Nishio: I thought it was a human being, and when I said human side, I was unlucky enough to be a fortune teller.
	Werewolf Nishio bluffed, saying, "I am the fortune teller, and Y-san is on the human side," but as luck would have it, Y-san was the fortune teller.

Male Y: Yes, yes, yes.
Nishio: They found out that I lied when I said I was a fortune teller. This made me think that Y-san was a real fortune teller.
Male Y: (laughs)
Tachikawa: I didn't notice that at all.
Nishio: I thought so, but if that interpretation became the consensus, I would lose.
Man X: Oh, I see. That's what I mean.
Tachikawa: I have no idea.
Nishio: That's why Mr. Tachikawa's argument was good until about halfway through, when he said he might be a werewolf and that I couldn't refute him.
Tachikawa: Oh, I see.
Nishio: So I felt I had to protect it, so I lunged at Mr. Tachikawa.
Man X: Thank you very much.
Nishio: But it was a failure.
Tachikawa: Yes, that's right. I see. Because Mr. Y also said, "I see. What?" I see.
Male Y: (laughs)
Tachikawa: I was totally surprised. I thought, "No, I didn't think that Jinfuku-san was a fortune teller at all. I thought, "Oh, really. Now, now.
Male X: What did you mean when you said you were the fortune teller Absolute Nishio-san on the way?
Tachikawa: Jinfuku-san didn't argue for a long time.
Man X: It was never (laughs).
All: (laughs)
Nishio: He says that Mr. Tachikawa's absolutes are not very reliable.
Tachikawa: I didn't argue. Something I 〓00::42:22〓 So it's already Mr. Y, isn't it? Nishio: I thought you would refute me because you knew I was lying. I thought it was normal that Mr. Y was really a villager because he didn't refute any of that.
Male Y: Oh, that's what you mean.
Tachikawa: Yes. So there are no absolutes. I thought that Y-san would be the villager and Nishio-san would be the fortune teller.
Man X: Oh - did he bluff and say never?
Tachikawa: Well, [absolutes do not exist], and 100% always does not exist under any circumstances.
Nishio: Since I had taken the werewolf, there was only one person left who seemed to be good enough to push the werewolf to the rest, X-san, so I decided to push him then.
Tachikawa: That's what I mean.
Nishio: understandable logic.
Tachikawa: So I tried to push it, but Nishio-san
Nishio: Because I was a werewolf and I consider Mr. X, who is also a werewolf, to be my friend.
Tachikawa: I'm coming over here to protect you.
Nishio: I had to protect him, so I cornered Tachikawa-san.
Man X: I also wanted to point out that I thought I won the werewolf game, but there was a thief.
Tachikawa: That's what I meant. It is complicated.
Nishio: That was the situation.
Male X: Sorry, sorry. Just to confirm, there are two wolves. There is one executed wolf, one wolf.
Tachikawa: The wolves win even if they remain.
Man X: That's right.
Nishio: The villager side wins even if one wolf remains.
Man X: Oh, I see. Then the villagers won.
Tachikawa: The villagers win.
Nishio: The victory condition is to catch at least one wolf. Even if more than one wolf is caught, the human side wins if even one wolf dies, even if a villager dies.
Man X: I see.
Nishio: Extremely rare situation where no one is not in a position this time.
Male X: It's fun.
Tachikawa: It is rare. That is really rare. That's for sure. I see. I don't understand. What I don't understand is that everyone moves in so many different ways.
Nishio: It is suddenly clear that human thought patterns are mixed.
Tachikawa: Yes. I was wondering if Nishida-san was a fortune teller, why is he swimming with Nishio-san all the time?
Male X: Oh well yeah. That's.
NISHIO: That is, you could have immediately said right then and there that I am a fortune teller and that would be a lie.
Tachikawa: Yes. It can be immediate or in the second half, but that's why I said earlier that Nishio-san is lying.
Man X: Oh, so that's what you mean. So Mr. Y's strategy and Mr. Tachikawa's strategy are usually quite different.
Tachikawa: Yes, what was Y's strategy?
Male Y: I was going to say at the last moment that Nishio-san was a werewolf. The timing was a bit difficult, so I could only say it just in time, but if I could keep it there, it would be the best. I also thought that the use of words is important to a certain extent. If I could have expressed my honesty better, I think it would have been possible to make an impact with that last shot.
	Last word: [one-night werewolf transcript 2-4#5c501498aff09e0000dc48ef]
		Not much emphasis is being placed on it and it's going through the motions.
Tachikawa: I see.
Man X: On the contrary, there were parts that confused me. Tachikawa-san.
Tachikawa: I was very confused. I didn't understand what was going on in the second half.
Male Y: (laughs)
Tachikawa: What do you mean? I was wondering.
Nishio: You tried to make me take the blame.
All: (laughs)
Tachikawa: Yes.
Man X: With confusion.
Tachikawa: That's right. I was already confirmed as a werewolf, and I thought the werewolf side could not win unless I told them that X-san was a werewolf. I wondered why.
Nishio: You didn't think it was suspicious there? I could not bring it to the public opinion that it was suspicious. Because Mr. Tachikawa was convinced that I was a fortune teller.
Tachikawa: Oh, yes I am.
Man X: Ahhh.
Tachikawa: I thought he was a fortune teller. Because Mr. Y did not argue, and I thought so.
Nishio: The situation was that Tachikawa-san was grandly confused.
Tachikawa: The thief is the most difficult. As a way of getting around, it's the most difficult. So let's do it again.
Nishio: It's kind of rare that the positions come every time, and it's all werewolves.
Male Y: Yes, three times. two times in a row, I had a werewolf, so I was really determined to do it without a third time.
Nishio: I really feel like I was a villager the last time I played.