One Night Werewolf Transcription 2-3
[BMOT One Night Werewolf 2nd]
Tachikawa: Then I'll take it from here.
Man Y: Can I see it?
Nishio: Look at it. What is your position?
Tachikawa: If you put them a little closer together like this.
Nishio: It is easy to see the thief and the fortune teller.
Man X: Oh, I see.
Nishio: If you are advising that now, then Mr. Tachikawa might be a thief or a fortune teller.
Tachikawa: (laughs)
Man X: Oh, that's what I mean.
Nishio: Yes, yes.
Tachikawa: Okay, let's go.
Voice: Night has fallen. Fortune tellers wake up and choose someone to divine. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 0, close your eyes. Werewolves wake up and look at each other, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 0, close your eyes. Thieves wake up and steal someone's heart. 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 0. Close your eyes. Close your eyes. Everyone wake up.
Tachikawa: Okay, I'll start for five minutes. Start.
Man X: Well I was a thief, but when I stole Mr. Y's heart, I was a villager.
Tachikawa: Hmmm.
Nishio: If that is correct, it would be Shiro Shiro (= Mr. X and Ms. Y both on the human side). What was Mr. Tachikawa?
Tachikawa: I don't have any position. I am just a villager.
Man X: I see.
Nishio: I'm a villager too, so I'm a werewolf/werewolf here (in the mountains).
Tachikawa: Hey. The probability of werewolf/werewolf is low. Basically.
Man X: Is there one werewolf or two?
Nishio: Two. Two cards.
Man Y: If what Mr. X says is correct, then I am a thief now.
Man X: Yes.
Nishio: Since the fortune teller doesn't appear, there is one werewolf, considering that the fortune teller is here (in the mountain).
Tachikawa: Well, yes.
Man X: Ahhh.
Nishio: It is strange that a fortune teller in this situation would not say, "I am a fortune teller." I wonder why the fortune teller does not say, "I am a fortune teller.
Tachikawa: It's strange. And I was thinking that maybe there is a fortune teller in the middle this time, too.
Male X: I'm sure that's true. I'm sure that's true.
Tachikawa: Me thinking so. Or I'm waiting for the werewolves to come out of the woodwork. I'm really pulling a fortune teller.
Man X: Oh - a fortune teller, really.
Tachikawa: One minute and 20 seconds have just passed. Well, I guess there are about 2 minutes left. That's not bad. Even if I swim.
Male X: Yeah.
Tachikawa: I'm in the fortune teller middle at the moment.
Nishio: It might be. There is a high possibility of that.
Tachikawa: It is expensive.
Nishio: So, Mr. Tachikawa is thinking. It would be a bit funny if Mr. Tachikawa were a fortune teller.
Male Y: (laughs)
Nishio: I thought maybe not.
Tachikawa: You claim to be a former thief and now a villager here.
Man X: Yes.
Nishio: Yes.
Man X: So I didn't divine Mr. Y.
Male Y: That's right. I don't know who the thief is, so if I believe that, maybe my guy is probably the thief, and if not, it could be different. And it's possible that it's still there.
Nishio: Someone who is not a thief, say a werewolf, might say, "I am a thief.
Male Y: Yes. There's that too.
Man X: Oh, so you're saying that the real thief hasn't come forward?
NISHIO: That would be the case. I think it is rather unlikely. I think that it is normal to say that I am a thief and stole villagers. If that is the case, both Mr. X and Mr. Y are clean, and Mr. Tachikawa is black.
Male Y: (laughs)
Tachikawa: From my perspective, Nishio-san looks completely like a werewolf.
Nishio: These two (Nishio and Tachikawa) think so to each other.
Tachikawa: It is hard to imagine a werewolf in the middle. Because there is a fortune teller, that's for sure.
Man X: Yes, yes.
Nishio: Why did you say never?
Tachikawa: Because it doesn't appear anymore.
Man X: Ahhh.
Tachikawa: Nishio-san is a tiger.
Man Y: You mean that fortune tellers usually make statements about themselves?
Tachikawa: Usually a fortune teller would say.
Male Y: Normally you would say....
Tachikawa: Because there's not much reason not to say it.
Nishio: Why?
Male Y: Yeah. That's what I'm wondering too. I wonder why.
Tachikawa: This is the reason why people are looking at me, isn't it? Nishio-san is very suspicious.
All: (laughs)
Tachikawa: Bring the contradiction.
Nishio: But, you could say that this is taking it out on me because I can't say with logic that I am right.
Male Y: (laughs)
Tachikawa: If I were a fortune teller, I would say in this situation right now, "I am a thief. He was a villager. Tachikawa: If I were a fortune teller, I would have said, "I am a thief and I was a villager. If I were a fortune teller and said that the middle was like this, Nishio-san would surely be driven into a corner, but I have nothing. I have no material. Nishio-san, too.
Nishio: Since the logic is the same for both, we conclude that both are not fortune tellers. And then, one of them is still a werewolf.
Tachikawa: Yes. So I think Nishio-san is a werewolf.
Nishio: I'm already asking, "Which do you trust?
Male Y: (laughs)
Nishio: Neither of us has anything to persuade them.
Male Y: Maybe now, yes. In fact, it would be really good if someone could ask a question or something that would reveal which one is the werewolf here.
Man X: Sure.
Male Y: That's not so easy.
Male X: I thought it was more of a question or a rag. I probably don't have a rag yet.
Male Y: No - you won't get it.
Nishio: I think I'm going to rag on Tachikawa-san.
Tachikawa: I was talking a lot during the test play the other day. I did it about 3 or 4 times. In werewolf games, if you talk a lot in the middle of the game, it stands out because it makes you look like a fool. It's not that much.
NISHIO: Do I have to defend you anymore? I am trying to use up my time.
Tachikawa: I don't want to talk too much.
Male Y: (laughs)
Tachikawa: Nishio-san made me talk. The more I talked, the more everyone looked at me. I thought I was a werewolf, a werewolf.
Nishio: I wonder if there will be any rags. I wonder if I'm going to get a rag. I'm looking at it thinking, "I'm going to throw in a punch as soon as I see a rag.
Tachikawa: (laughs) I don't have the materials for this, but to me, Nishio-san looks like a werewolf.
Nishio: That's what you say.
Tachikawa: There are no materials.
Nishio: We both have no material. It is just a matter of which one to trust.
Tachikawa: So, my suggestion is that if two people fish one or the other, they can both fish, so this will increase the odds of winning.
Man X: Oh, that's how it happened.
Nishio: If we split 2:2, we can fish both.
Male Y: Oh, that's what you mean. I see.
NISHIO: That kind of discussion in time.
Tachikawa: Here we go. 3, 2, 1.
Nishio: Ah! We are divided, aren't we?
Tachikawa: Oh!
Nishio: So if one of them is a werewolf, the village wins. Here you go. Yes, I'm a werewolf. I am the werewolf.
All: (laughs)
Tachikawa: I don't know.
Male Y: This was difficult. I was worried until the end.
Tachikawa: This is the story I have to propose in time.
Nishio: The real rule is that if you can get both of them to split 2:2 in time, both will be caught, and if one of them has a werewolf, the villagers will win.
Tachikawa: We have to do it right.
Man X: Yes, but does that mean I die but win?
Tachikawa: Yes.
Nishio: That's right. The victory condition is that you win if you kill even one werewolf.
Man X: I see.
Tachikawa: So it is interesting then.
Male Y: Interesting.
Tachikawa: So far, I haven't been pulled once for divination yet.
Nishio: No fortune teller appears.
Man X: Oh, I was a fortune teller the first time.
Tachikawa: Oh, I see. Hmm? Oh, I see. First of all, he said, "Do it this way. Don't let them know.
Man X: By the way, would you like some snacks?
Nishio: Ah, there goes the candy.
Tachikawa: My head gets tired quite a bit playing this wargame.
Man X: Do you eat?
Nishio: Thank you very much.