First, write your own.
	On whether sticky notes should be written by one person or multiple people
	I think a good place to start is "Please write 100 pages by yourself.
		Structuring sticky notes with mixed thoughts from multiple people is harder than doing a single person-derived one.
		I would not recommend this to someone doing the KJ method for the first time.
		If you only know how to do it with more than one person, you cannot utilize it for single-person work.
	But in some cases, there is not enough enthusiasm or experience accumulated to write 100 pages by one person.
		People who can't write tend to abort before they write 100 pages.
		[20190205 Tachikawa's KJ method experiment] was "I wrote 70 pages" as opposed to "I will write at least 10 pages today and send the photos to Nishio.
			[low hurdle for output].
		If you can't write, it's better to "try your best to turn up 100 pages" to train yourself in the writing method.
  	Better to take it one step further by making the goal closer, "Let's write 10 pages today."
  	It's better to let them have a track record of making 100 sticky notes by themselves, even if it takes 10 days.
  In the special environment of a "time-limited workshop," if you ask each participant to write 100 pages and they fail to do so, it will ruin the management plan, so I guess people don't really want to do it.
  	I didn't want to do the write out method in time either, so I told Mr. Tachikawa to go write 100 pages.
  	After confirming that it was written, we set a date and time for the event.

	Doing it with more than one person has the effect of encouraging verbalization through the stimulation of others.
		Beneficial to make a few in a short time.
			If 10 people give you 10 each, you get 100.
		People who have trouble doing the writing out method alone do not have a high [mental pressure] for output in the first place.
			When there are people who are under strong pressure to output, they shrink and stop outputting.
			It is useful to have a style of sharing where each person writes sticky notes instead of verbally brainstorming
			Related: [brainwriting].

	Related:.
	 [Originality first before co-creation.]
		[20190205 Tachikawa-san's KJ-method experiment].
