Do it anyway" is not the last line.
 I see the phrase "just do it."
 Someone felt "just do it" as if it were a truth.
 But the person still couldn't "do it."
 So I talked to someone who has been "doing it".
 Those who can, "don't want to do so much?" I pointed out.
 And he repeated, "Just do it."

 I have my doubts about this last step.
 If you input the same information to someone who is already well aware of "just do it", nothing will change.
 That advice could serve as a curse that binds him to a status quo that cannot change.

 You need to "want" to do it before you "do" it.
 Now the question arises, "Don't you want to do that so badly?" The question arises.
 What he thinks he wants to do may not actually be what he really wants to do.
 The individual may be unaware and mistakenly believe that what he or she has been told by those around him or her is from his or her own inner self.
 Shouldn't this be verified?

 Need both "I do" and "I want to."
 "Do it" is not being acted upon, despite believing in "just do it."
 Then nothing will change from the status quo unless we change the "I want to" side.
 For example.
  I forbid you to do it for a week from now.
  And don't even think "I have to."
  	If you think about it, dismiss it with, "No, no, this is the week I don't do it.
  This frees up brain resources that have been wasted in the loop of "I have to do it" and "But I can't do it" until now.
  They might say, "I still want to do this," and then begin to "do it" when the prohibition period ends. That's a step forward.
  More importantly, you may discover something else you want to do. This is also progress.
  Suppose you don't feel like doing that for a week, and you haven't found anything new to do. You have to face an inconvenient reality. What you thought you wanted to do was an illusion, and what's more, you don't have any other "thing" you want to do at the moment. This is the moment when you realize that the box you thought was full is empty.
  We need to start looking for new things to put in the box.
