Uncommitted tasks emit a miasma
[2018-02-17 Facebook https://www.facebook.com/nishiohirokazu/posts/10214604777529675]
	I tried for a few months to write tasks on sticky notes and post them on the wall, but it's no good because the tasks that are easy to start disappear and become a concentrated pile of tasks that are hard to start and start emitting [miasma]. The rule of writing down the date of putting it up and reviewing it after a month without starting would not be implemented without the proper trigger.
	In other words, there should be a program to help [break down tasks].
	Specifically, improving my "motivational system" and other things that have long been written on my task list and piled up, and I've been neglecting to start translating my book into English. What causes procrastination?
	>I read somewhere the idea of reducing the apparent area of sticky notes by stacking them on top of each other.
		I've experimented with that too, but it's a pain to open the bundle and I don't want to do it. Also, it physically peels off.
		Bundling is something we often do with the KJ method, but it is a technique to compress information and is an axis independent of "motivating tasks" and the like.
		>Ohkubo, Kohei Ideas for reducing miasma.
		Bundled sticky notes are worse because they give off that "here's a sticky note you don't see" noxious feeling.
	Writing about topics I want to explore on the train on the way to my destination is quite useful for writing and giving lectures, but I really should break down tasks that haven't been broken down in the same way.


	Let's do it, about [revamping the motivation system] #MotivationSystem
		What's wrong.
		There are some suggestions for improvement that are being parroted, but they're not written in a cohesive manner.
		Even if that gives you some time to work on it, it's not clear what you need to do in the first place.
		On the one hand, there is the desire to "improve the flow itself" based on the findings from the experiment, and on the other hand, there is the desire to "see the differences between countries by translating the information into English since we have gathered more than enough information from users in Japanese-speaking countries" and "gain recognition in the English-speaking countries. These two projects are in a deadlock with each other, saying, "It is more efficient to do the other one first.
		We don't have user management now, but it would be more interesting if we could collect information for each user, but it tends to be put off because development [is] too big and we're busy with other things.
	 That app is collecting data via Google Analytics, so if we analyze it well, we could get some interesting findings, such as differences by gender and age, but we haven't analyzed it.
	 Oh, and I also needed to research and summarize how to proceed in the early stages of sprinting!
	 I need to read carefully and write a reply to the useful-looking email I glanced at on my phone!
	 The book I'm writing for work is just 1/3 done with the reviews, so I'll schedule that to be done on Monday and forget about it now.
	 The person who is finishing the book has something jumbled back from the editor and doesn't know what exactly needs to be done, so you should spend about 10 minutes sorting that out first.
	 The one that is being written has an outstanding issue in the proposed table of contents that needs to be resolved, and it's in limbo, so this needs to be [ayah]. This is not a problem that time will solve. You should already be a different person at this point than you were last time, so if you can't solve it now, you can't solve it by postponing it.
	 The one I wrote in the book about the credited students who are finishing up, this time I experimented with it myself and saw it and thought I should write out "I can be an auditing student", so I'll do that, this is a task I can do right away.
	 Why is it that the project to translate the book that has already been written and estimate the time it will take to translate the whole book in one pomodoro is not being carried out at all?
	 There's a lecture at the end of March, one at the end of May, one at a date and time yet to be determined, and one in October, I think it was October, too far ahead of October, I forget what date.
	 That reminds me, I should look it up now and write it down in my notebook, don't double book it.
	 For me, the Facebook app is currently the best tool for writing out the information in my brain.
	 There are a lot of unnecessary features that I would like to eliminate and, while at it, make it possible to export to scrapbox or something.
	 I came to work anyway.
	 I think we should have these brainstorms more often.
	 For example, you could always do it on the train on your way to work.
	 Putting off an in-progress project for a day is not a solution because it doesn't change the situation, you can either spend 5 minutes or a minute and break down one line, or you can throw it away.
	 And since we feel irrational resistance to throwing away humans, we shouldn't leave that decision-making to humans.
	 A good solution to this problem would be an interval repetition method.
	 So you have to identify in the first place, the type of "must to do" management system that you have to remember to implement, and the type of management system that has no problem and no deadline if you don't do it, but you are interested in what you get as a result of doing it, but drives the project with a strong "yo-yo". are two very different things and should not be confused with each other.
	 We need a system that makes them write, forget, and remind them at unexpected times.
	 Tasks to be recommended should be filtered based on behavior at the time of recommendation
	 Auditing student story, already written.
	 The breakdown assistance program has yet to realize how I breakdown. I need to learn first.
