Delving into matters of the heart is harmful.
It is [harmful] to delve into [matters of the heart].
In particular, [engineering] people tend to think in terms of digging into a problem. This is because in complex systems such as machines and programs, it is beneficial to identify where the problem lies in order to solve it. Engineering people are more likely to have experienced in the past that it is beneficial to dig deeper into a problem. Finding and replacing a component that is not working well often solves the problem.

But the human mind is neither a machine nor a program.
Let's say we delve into the problem and come to the conclusion, for example, that the cause of the problem is a lack of self-confidence. Then you can't just say, "Well, I'll exchange it for a more confident mind. Let's say, for example, you become "My parents XXed me when I was in elementary school, and that's the cause of my lack of self-confidence. You can't use a time machine to change past events.

The problems of the mind cannot be solved by an engineering approach.

Related:.
	[PRO Model]

Supplemental:.
Specific stories that came to mind when we were talking about this
	Subordinate: "I'm not sure."
	Boss: "Why aren't you confident?"
	Subordinate: "I haven't had any success stories..."
	Boss: "Why don't you have any success stories?"
	Subordinate: "Because of my lack of ability..."
	Supervisor: "Why do you lack competence?"
	My subordinate said, "Because I don't study harder..."
Why-Why analysis" is an analytical method that repeatedly asks "why", but it is possible because the subject is "a system without a mind" such as a machine or a program, and it is often "heartbreaking" to delve into "problems" for people who have a mind, as described above.

Discussion [Facebook https://www.facebook.com/nishiohirokazu/posts/10217638640334349]
	Sometimes it's useful to think about why I'm reacting the way I am to myself.
		Should it be "detrimental to analyze the whys and wherefores of other people's minds?"
			No, the problematic mind is already not functioning properly.
			So it is also dangerous for a person with a problem to do a why-why analysis on his own mind
