incremental reading
[2016-03-01 Facebook https://www.facebook.com/nishiohirokazu/posts/10207959355758284]
	About Incremental Reading
 Hard to make excerpts when reading with [anki] on iPhone. Not suitable for text selection.
 Reading in [supermemo] is easy to extract and cloze, but the handling of rich text is not quite right, and the font size is too small and other details are stressful.
 I pasted the textualized version of the presentation material straight from SlideShare, and it turned out to be garbage that I didn't feel very inclined to read.
 If it's too long, I don't feel like reading it. Even though I know I don't have to read it all.
 Maybe the slides could be chopped up page by page.
 Slightly concerned about whether fragments that are not cloze-ized can be scheduled in the same way.
 The idea behind supermemo is that unimportant items will be read less and less frequently, and that's OK.
 The person providing the anki notes has set the maximum interval to 7 or 30 days.
 I guess there's a fear of missing something big if you don't check it properly and move on.
 Do I want to read it again every time I read it? Do I want to delete it? and so on.
 I need to train myself to the point where I can do this unconsciously.
 What should I do with fragments that I thought were obviously important? Should I give them a higher priority?
 There are two factors: spacing and priority. To be precise, there is also a coefficient factor called difficulty.
 What about [incremental writing]?
 How do you achieve that what you write does not go missing? The tree that contains the writing is separated from the tree for review.
 Although not specifically stated, this is similar to the KJ method if it is assembled in a bottom-up manner.
 If the KJ method is a method that expands in the spatial direction and connects randomly by eye movement, incremental writing expands in the temporal direction and connects randomly by the system.
 Assemble from the bottom up" is one of the important axes.
 My slides are presented by the system, and I think, yes, I'll mention ADHD, and the workload goes up and up and up.
 open-end system
 You can't decide to GO forever because it's a never-ending approach.
 Do we have to set deadlines ahead of time?
 The slides are pretty dense and we need to do something about it ASAP.
 In incremental writing, I know that reference material should be put in TODO and written material in Article, but I don't know if these "scribbles" should be in Article or in TODO for future review.
 Ahh. If I Export an Article at any given time, it is required to be a draft of the manuscript, so the Article must always be "text intended to be read by others" and "pre-structured in a tree"?
 It is easiest to trace back to [Elaborative IR], the originator of [Incremental Writing].
 The EIR first writes down the main points, then Extracts them, then details them back. So it is a top-down approach.
 Like this?
	 What is Incremental Reading?
			Need for Review
			Review of three ways of reading
		What is Incremental Writing?
		 What is Elaborative IR?
