Improvement for English version (chapters 4 and 5)
[Improvement for English version (~1 chapter)
[Improvement for English version (chapters 2 and 3)].
You can find the scope up to chapter 5 here.
	→The differences were organized in [Corrections for the 4th printing] at the timing of the 4th edition of the Japanese edition.
From chapter 6 onward, [Improvement for English version (chapters 6 and 7)].

	1.1.3 "Trial and error is difficult to see" → "Trial and error is difficult for others to see"
		It may be obvious from the context, but it would be better to specify

>Writing reports, preparing presentation materials, and other forms of outputting thoughts together are the key to intellectual production.
Might not fit too well.


>If you can write 20 sheets in 5 minutes, a rough estimate is that you can prepare 100 sheets in 25 minutes!
In the previous section, you wrote out your time in 5 minutes. How many sheets did you spend, and if you could write 20 sheets in 5 minutes, a rough estimate is that you could prepare 100 sheets in 25 minutes.

- Working people are busy and may find it difficult to take time to write in a coherent manner. This writing method does not require you to sit at your desk all the time until you have written 100 pages.
+ Even if you're too busy to take a chunk of time, you can make gradual progress with this writing method; you don't have to sit at your desk all the time until you've written 100 pages.

- I learned this technique of spreading out a fusen and moving nearby objects that seem to be related to each other from the "Idea Method" written by Jiro Kawakita, a cultural anthropologist. It is called the KJ method after his initialsNote 18, since at that time, glued sticky fusen paperNote 19 was not yet on the market,
+ I learned this method of spreading out a piece of paper and moving it close to things that seem to be related in "The Idea Method" written by Jiro Kawakita, a cultural anthropologist. It is called the KJ method after his initialsNote 18, because this method was proposed in the 1960s, and glued-fusen paperNote 19 was not yet available at that time,

I don't know when "at that time" was, so I added it.

>- Many of us have experienced the KJ-legal method of moving a piece of paper with information on it.
KJ legal" is ambiguous.

>- Understanding why we should not classify is very important in utilizing the KJ method.
>+Understanding the characteristics of the act of classification is (same text below)
In the chapters that follow, I will explain two disadvantages and one advantage of classification. So, not "why classification should not be done" but an understanding of what classification is.

[/intellitech-en/(5.2.4.1) Group organization is not objective]
I included a reference to chapter 1 at the beginning.

>- Jiro Kawakita only explains that you should collect things that "seem" to be related. This is another area where students of the KJ method tend to stumble. What exactly is a "relationship"?
>+Jiro Kawakita explained that you should "collect things that seem to be related. This is another place where students of the KJ method tend to stumble. Let's delve into what a "relationship" is.

>-When we classify things, we put similar things into one group. When the KJ method says "collect things that seem to be related," this "relationship" is not limited to similarity.
>+There are many people who make the mistake of thinking that they need to gather similarities during the grouping phase. They only look at similar relationships. But there are many other relationships.
This is more easily connected to "for example, there is a relationship called ~".

Figure added.
[/intellitech-en/(5.2.5.1) Relationship is not similarity]

Added in its entirety.
[/intellitech-en/(5.2.5.1-2) Not "related pieces" but "pieces likely to be related"]
P.35 of [Ideas] contains related information.

5.2.5.2
>-In learning the concept of group formation, Jiro Kawakita's expression "likely relationships" is difficult to grasp. In an attempt to remedy this, Masakazu Nakayama, author of "All About the NM Method," Note 25, advocated focusing on "opposing relationships.
>+To break the existing frame of thought that leads us to think "let's get similar things together" when "organizing groups," it is useful to focus on conflict. At a workshop I once held, a participant was having trouble forming groups. When I said, "You can put opposites in the same group, because opposites are a kind of relationship," the advice seemed to break her preconceived notions, and she was able to form a very good group. (new paragraph)
> Masakazu Nakayama, author of "All About NM Law," Note 25, also advocated paying attention to "conflicts.


>The NM method focused on conflicts; the KJ method can be any relationship, including conflicts.
> At the stage of creating a group, it is not necessary to be able to explain what the relationship is about.

The verse could be separated between these two minutes.
The following sentence "At the stage of creating a group, it is not necessary to be able to explain what the relationship is. Jiro Kawakita recommends the following approach: "First, you gather things that seem vaguely related in one place to form a group, and then you try to explain the contents of the group. If you can easily explain the contents of the group, it is a good group. If not, you just need to break up the group, so it is important not to set your mind too high at this stage. is a natural connection to the next section, but I would like to include [there is more than one conflict] here.

>- The image is that the fusions that are in close physical proximity talk on the same slide or on slides that are close in time.
>+ In the KJ method, stickies that are physically close together correspond to the same slide or slides that are close in time in the presentation.

> -I explained at the beginning of this chapter that we first try to identify whether there is too much or too little information, and the 100 sheets of fusions was a good rule of thumb for this. Let's learn how the front cover creation works in a situation where a sufficient amount of information has been written out.
>+I explained at the beginning of this chapter that we first tried to identify whether we had too much or too little information. We then set a goal of 100 fusens. This is because the KJ method is a technique for taking a situation in which a sufficient amount of information has been written down and compressing it by creating a table of contents.
You wrote, "How does it work?" but I specified.

[/intellitech-en/5.3.1 Skip steps]
Added a list of objectives at the beginning.
>- Jiro Kawakita suggested repeating the process of table tag making and further grouping until you have several groups, but if you can understand what good grouping is after experiencing it a few times, you don't have to do it in your daily work. In my case, when I made a draft table of contents for a book from 600 sheets of fusen, I did the nameplate making, but for about 60-100 sheets of fusen divided by chapter, I did not make nameplates but directly arranged them in space.
>+ Jiro Kawakita suggested repeating the nameplate making and further groupings until there are several groups.
> It is important to have a few experiences with making tableplates, as it is beneficial to understand what good group organization is all about.
> but once you have had a few experiences and understand what good grouping looks like, I think you can skip it in your normal work.

>-In my case, when I made a draft table of contents for a book from 600 sheets of fusen, I made a table of contents, but for about 60-100 sheets of fusen divided by chapters, I did not make a table of contents but directly arranged them in space.
>+In my case, when I made a draft table of contents for a book from 600 sheets of fusen, I made a table of contents.
>Then, by dividing them by chapters, the number of fusions ranged from 60 to 100.
>For this, we did not make a nameplate, but directly arranged the space.

>+Of course, if I come up with something new during the process, I write it to prevent it disappears.

>Sometimes, I skip the "[illustration]" phase. I think you should experience it several times to learn how to use it. However, it is a method to record relationships. I do it only if I want to record some relationships that I can not express only by the spatial arrangement of pieces.

>For example, I draw arrows when there are two groups conflicting with each other. I sometimes draw arrows to describe the flow of the story, especially when the flow is not from top-left to bottom-right. I seldom enclose the pieces of a group, because it is obvious to me.


5.4
>- I explained that cognitively advanced tasks such as thinking about meaning are more likely to be retained in memory. the KJ method is cognitively advanced processing and
>+I explained that cognitively advanced tasks are more likely to be retained in memory. Thinking about the meaning of a sentence is one of the cognitively advanced tasks; finding sticky notes related to the meaning of the KJ method, or making a table tag describing a group, are cognitively advanced processes.

5.4.3
>- For example, if I look at something I wrote three years ago and think it is still important today, I will revise it better now and post it again.
>+If, for example, I look at a text I wrote three years ago and find it still important today, then the text has long-term value. There would be value in improving and developing this text.

5.4.4
>Before I invented the above "system for saving labels," I used to throw away labels that had been used for presentations.
>Before I created the system described on p. 172, in which I put the labels on A4 paper and stored them, I used to throw away the labels after a presentation.
It's not so much an invention. I just put it in a clear file.

5.4.5
>Tablets such as the iPad offer intuitive scaling by pinch operations. This feature may ease the lack of space. 
>Even if it is not, in the not far future, monitors become twice as large and accept pen input and pinch operations.

>- The program I created in 2013 was collaborative, but from my experience experimenting with it internally, I don't think collaborative editing is really necessary. This is probably because the process of "organizing thoughts" is based on individual subjectivity, interacting with the individual's inner self. In addition, "fusen arrangement" contains information that is not verbalized, so when another person sees what another person has arranged, he or she may not understand the intention of the arrangement and may inadvertently destroy it. If you are going to share a fusen arrangement with multiple people, you need to do it while communicating closely with them by viewing and editing it together.

P.152
>-This size of fusen, when placed side by side on A4 paper, can hold 25 sheets.
>-This size of fusen, when placed side by side on an A4 sheet of paper, can hold 25 sheets horizontally or 28 sheets vertically.

>Since it is designed to be placed on a desk by one person, the labels are smaller and the pens are thinner accordingly. This size of fusen, when placed side by side on an A4 sheet of paper, allows for 25 sheets to be pasted.
To bite more into it:.
>If you do it alone, there is no need to use large stickies. Smaller stickies can be arranged more in a limited space. So I use small sticky notes and a thin pen. This size sticky note can hold 25 sheets horizontally or 28 sheets vertically when placed side by side on an A4 sheet of paper.
