Memo2019-03-26.
Notes on what we discussed about [problem-solving methods

On the rule of "one word to describe the problem."
	If I could put it in one word, I wouldn't have any trouble.
	The bias is to focus on issues that can be expressed in one word and turn away from those that cannot be expressed.

From [3 patterns of what needs to be fixed] I wrote the other day:.
	There is the phenomenon of "I understand that the current situation is not good, but I can't verbalize what the ideal would be."
	There is the phenomenon of "we have verbalized the current situation and the ideal, but we don't know how to change it."
	The "problem" may be "the gap between the current situation and the ideal," but that is not always possible to verbalize from the outset.

On "First, verbalize what your ideal is."
		This implicitly assumes that "the ideal can be verbalized.
	 By framing thoughts as "first verbalize what the ideal is," discussions about "what is the ideal?" begin, and even if a distant ideal is verbalized, the phenomenon occurs that the way to get to it from the current situation is not known.
		 The understanding of "[effection]" is that this often causes lengthy meetings in large companies where nothing is decided, so let's start with reality (i.e., the means that can be taken now).
	 Since the problem-solving method must not have been known about effection at the time it was created, perhaps we can adopt the perspective that "the objective is not always determined first, right?" regardless of whether we use this mysterious katakana term or not.

Different people have different images of what they imagine by the word "ideal."
	There are those who think it's okay if it's impossible to achieve, and those who blame themselves for not achieving it.
	Ideally, "the direction we should be heading in 10 years."
		Five years from now, of course, things will be different and this ideal will change.
		Some people use "ideal" as such a "direction for the distant future.

There is no real benefit to be gained by forcing a fit based on the framework of "the gap between the ideal and the reality."
	The ideal is, "Ideally, I have X. The problem is, I don't have X! The problem is, there is no X!" This doesn't make any sense.

Pointing out that it is unclear where the individual does what and where the organization does what.
	To begin with, "there is no Mr. Tissue."
	[Ideals, Reality and Helplessness]
		Contrast your current reality with your vision
		Since it is "your", this is a personal

Digging into the "problem" can be harmful in some situations.
	[PRO Model]
	[It is harmful to delve into matters of the heart.]
	Mental and systemic issues need to be separated because they are handled differently.
