Allows bottom-up grouping to be interrupted
2019-04-05
Set [Bottom-up grouping] to [Interruptible
	In the KJ method workshop the other day (see [draft addition to "Grouping requires a change of mindset"]), I explained the grouping phase as "First, let's find two pairs". I wonder if it is possible to convert the grouping phase into an interruptible design.
	1 step
 	See the paper with a list of sticky notes.
 	choose two pieces (pieces)
 	Lay out and hang on paper in the workspace.
 	the end
	This step reduces the number of outstanding stickies by two.
	Another Step
		See the paper with a list of sticky notes.
 	Pick one of the goofy ones.
 	Write on a sticky note what you associate with it.
 	Put those two pieces of paper in your workspace.
	One less in this step, one more link.
	Method that does not reduce stickies but improves listing: Move stickies and pack unprocessed stickies into the empty space.
	Repeat this process and the sticky notes will be paired in pairs of two at worst, and the number of sticky notes can be reduced by half by putting a nameplate on them or simply stacking them
	In fact, it's even less because sometimes they join an existing group saying, "Oh, this sticky is the group from earlier.

2022-02-15
After thinking about this, I started developing an electronic version (Regroup/Kozaneba)
 Related: [(5.4.5) Digitization].
The electronic version I made was more convenient than the way I did it with paper stickies, so I stopped doing it with paper.
So I didn't dig deep into this plan, but making the task interruptible is not a bad direction.

for example
	The fragments are lined up like Twitter.
	You can scroll and look at it.
	If you go, "Oh, this has something to do with that thing I just saw."
　Can be selected or deselected with a checkbox-like feature.
　Enter a string in the search field to narrow down the view, making it easier to find "that thing you just saw".
　Check multiple and press the "Group" button, they become a group
　At this point, "Why did you put these together?" prompt, write it down if you can verbalize it, or leave it blank.

In the era of physical paper, the practice of moving and grouping two-dimensional arrangements was born.
　That's what's constraining the UI to "want a wide screen," and that's what's keeping smartphones out of the target market.
　It's beneficial to think about it while taking a walk, but you can't do it on your phone.
Two-dimensional arrangement is not essential for "bottom-up grouping," which is the most important piece for the KJ method to be effective.
　You can do it after the fact, after you've organized the group.
　You could export it in the form of a bulleted outliner.
　　Can be put on Scrapbox.
	It would be nice to be able to see a fragment of something and instantly make a "sticky with a relationship" in the form of a "reply" to the thought that came to mind.
	 Of course, you can post independent posts instead of replies.
 Would you like Keichobot to pose a question in response to this?
