Nodal Point of Thought 20190419
	I felt [uncomfortable] when I read "The Big Book of Ideas."
	It was more uncomfortable than the same author's "[Problem Solving Compendium]"
	What is this discomfort?
	[distributional bias]?
	After a night's sleep, I glossed over it on [Facebook https://www.facebook.com/nishiohirokazu/posts/10218036065829738].
		I feel like there are multiple topics mixed up in this vexation, even when I look at it myself.
		but I'll summarize it here for now.
	The situation of "not being able to come up with an idea" and the situation of "not having confidence in the idea I have come up with" are two different things.
		The latter "unsure" person asks for an idea method, assuming that if they follow the right technique to generate an idea, it will be better than the idea they generated, but that's a fallacy!
		It is incorrect to separate "how to create an idea" from "how to choose from many ideas" and "how to implement what you choose." It is not correct divide-and-conquer, local optimization.
		Random stimulus, reordering, and word-switching techniques, beneficial for those who are [fixated], but not for those who are anxious.
 		More choices, so more anxiety about choosing.
 			[Jam experiment].
		[The first step in "breaking free from fixation" is "methodological skepticism," isn't it?
		The resolution of anxiety occurs through [consistency].
			It felt right, like the missing pieces were being filled in."
			One piece solves multiple problems.
		So the idea that we can cut out just the "idea generating part" and discuss it is problematic in itself?
			Isn't that [a local optimum]?
	I was talking to someone about this and the phrase "divergence and convergence" came up, but I'm not comfortable with it to begin with.
		I think it's funny how convergence takes place in a conference room, the market chooses or shows to prospective clients.
		There are situations where the mental model of "diverge and converge to form ideas" would be detrimental.
	Wife: "It's like putting out ideas instead of thinking about them."
		You put in a lot of ideas, and when you mess around with it, it pops up.
		I feel like there are techniques that make it easier to come up with ideas as know-how.
		All of those methods are not "hard to get out".
			Something is wrong when you work so hard on "how to come up with ideas."
			People who have to take laxatives to get it out every time need to start looking at their diet."
				Okay, that's an interesting analogy.
			'People with diarrhea who get ideas but can't form them should also rethink their diets.'
	Repeated experiments and observations in the brain with mental models in place
