Teaching Vectors.
Wife: "I don't know the vector."
I said, "Given two vectors, can you add them together? As a procedure."
Wife: "I think I did it as a procedure, but I'm not sure."
I said, "Given a vector, can you double it?"
My wife said, "Double it? What do you mean?"
I said, "Can you give any specific vector examples?"
Wife: "Are you saying I should say some appropriate starting and ending points?"
I "would like to see how you would describe it."
Wife: "There is a point A and a point B, and there is a line connecting point A and point B, but we want to distinguish the line from A to B and the line from B to A, so we put an arrow, yes this is a vector."
I said, "Nah, I see. (That's a directed line segment. I guess my mental image of a vector is still a directed line segment because of the way the teacher compared vectors to directed line segments in the beginning of the course.)"
My wife said, "So they do all kinds of processing to the vectors, but I have no idea why they do it that way. I wonder what made the creators of vectors so happy when they came up with them. For example, first of all, I don't understand what it is to put arrows on it, is it a change in the time series?"
I said, "Oh, I see. The people who created vectors wanted to do physics. They wanted to describe the motion of objects. So they wanted to distinguish between 'moving from A to B' and 'moving from B to A' because they are completely different things."
Wife: "I see, so it's a time change."

If you keep the same perception of a directed line segment, later when you see a directed line segment with a different starting point as the same, you will say, "What? Why do you have to equate them? So, it is better to think of it as something that expresses a change in time.

I said, "Here is one vector. Is this OK?"
	[https://gyazo.com/84146a42dd99474e8dc4247446d5e787]
Wife: "OK."
I say, "I want to express this vector as (2, 3), because it moves forward 2 in x and 3 in y. OK?"
Wife: "Isn't that a point P thing?"
I said, "Oh, I see. Then I would like to express <2, 3> to say that these two are different. Is that OK?"
Wife: "OK."

A point in 2-dimensional space and a vector in 2-dimensional space are mathematically separate objects.
So if it's weird to use the same symbols to describe them, you can separate them.
You can identify with it as soon as you feel that you can identify with it after the story has progressed.

I say, "Well, what if we double this vector?"
My wife said, "What do you mean by doubling? Do you mean double the length and width each, or double the vector length?"
I said, "Oh, I see. Actually, those two match. Let's try it.
	[https://gyazo.com/1326aaad44ca3aca5b9838557a9dbb17]
Wife: "I see, that's good, but even though you just stretched the P side, why don't you stretch the O side?"
I said, "Uh, (I can't go on without pointing out that the mental model of a directed line segment is wrong.) That's the bad part of the earlier idea that 'a vector is a line between A and B with an arrow on it,' and actually vectors don't care about different starting points. If you have four points like this, you would think that the line between A and B and the line between C and D are different lines, right? But vectors don't care about starting points, they think that these vectors are the same vector."
[https://gyazo.com/b70710666d04d57ed1d45418831af6fd]
I "I think that when the teacher first explained vectors, he taught them as 'a line between A and B with an arrow attached' (a directed line segment), but then he failed to emphasize that 'vectors do not care about the starting point'. The expression 'a vector is a quantity with direction and magnitude' does not say 'a vector is a quantity with a starting point, direction, and magnitude,' so it does not have information about the starting point.

My wife said, "I see. What is the name of this doubling process? It's not the same as 'vector merging,' is it?"
Me: "'Scalar Double'."
Wife: "'Scalar Double'? Why do you need a new name?"
I said, "For example, in the multiplication of integers 2 × 3 = 6, 2, 3, and 6 are all integers, and they are all members of the same group. But in the case of multiplying a vector by 2, the vector is multiplied by an integer and the result is a vector. 2x2 is not a vector, but an outlier. To express this, it is called scalar multiplication. Scalar means something like "a value that is not a vector.

