How I stopped throwing masakari.
I have been throwing [masakari] less often than in the past, and I wondered why.

When I was frequently throwing masakari, I used to think that "the ideal situation is one in which all people have a correct understanding. Therefore, when I observed "people who did not have the correct understanding," I thought that it was "natural that I should give them feedback on information to help them have a correct understanding. I felt that my own understanding had been improved by such feedback, and I thought that since I had benefited from society, I should also return the benefit.

What is the reason why this is no longer done? I don't know the right answer, but the one that comes to mind now is the existence of books.
If one person X does not understand correctly, and you write a book to make X understand correctly, and X's understanding improves, that is an "improvement for one person. On the other hand, what you write in your book will be read by tens of thousands of readers. Even if it is not a book, what you write on your blog or Scrapbox will be read over the long term.

As I wrote the book, I realized that "long-term" is another important factor. When I wrote "Jython Programming," it became obsolete in a short period of time, and I wrote "The Technology Behind Coding" with the determination to make it a book that would be less likely to become obsolete this time. I feel that the period when I became aware of this "obsolescence of information" coincided with the period when masakari declined.

I would rather spend my time writing something that is more abstract and will retain its value over the long term, than on masakari for individual person X. I have only a finite amount of time in my life. I have a finite amount of time in my life, and rather than spending it on the one person in front of me, I would rather spend it on creating something that will help many people in the long run. As a result, the one person in front of me will not be saved, but that is because we are imperfect beings who can only work for a limited amount of time.

Even through this change in thinking, "Since I have benefited from society, I should also return the benefit" is fulfilled. Instead of returning it to individual people, they are returning it by means they consider more efficient. On the other hand, as for "the ideal state is one in which all people have a correct understanding," I have come to believe that this is an ideal, but it cannot be achieved in one fell swoop. Therefore, people are prioritized and "all people" are not treated as equals. For example, if it is a young person and an old person, the young person should be given more priority because he/she has more time for future activities. If it is a person who returns feedback to me and a person who does not, the former should be prioritized more because his/her improvement is more likely to contribute to my own improvement. If I am the one who takes action and the one who does not, the former should be given higher priority because the former will benefit more if I take action based on a correct understanding of the situation. If a person interprets pointing out facts as a denial of my personality, I should not spend time on him because he is less likely to improve.

This would mean that they have come to judge that it is not beneficial to throw masakari against more people than in the past.