Holiday Messages
Discussion of whether or not the act of sending business emails, chat messages, etc. on weekends and evenings is acceptable.

My personal opinion is like this: "I think it's a good idea.
	It is incorrect to implicitly consider "weekends" and "evenings" to be outside of work hours and weekday daytime hours to be within work hours.
		For example, some people take paid leave.
		Some people work time shifts for family reasons.
		International teams have different time zones.
		People work different hours at workplaces with greater [freedom to work].
	It is not correct to require the sender of a message to figure out if the recipient is on duty before sending it.
		Large costs when messages are sent to different departments
		Increased cost of sending messages hinders information sharing.
	The sender should not mind sending it, and if there is any problem with it, the receiver should give feedback.
 	People are not espers, so if you don't tell them, they won't get the message.
			[I hesitated to say something bothering me at work ...... and was blackmailed by a colleague | Cybozu style https://cybozushiki.cybozu.co.jp/articles/m005313.html] [Question Responsibility].
	When a prompt response to a message is required for business purposes
		It is not released from work and should be treated as work time.
		If a response to a message is requested during the night or on a holiday, there must be just compensation.

On the other hand, it was interesting to gather various points of view on this matter, so let me summarize

Case 1
	The team's Slack policy is clearly stated.
	I tell them at orientation.
	policy
 	Mention to those who need it, regardless of whether it is at night or on holidays.
 	No need to look at mentions outside of work hours.
 	Set your own notification settings.
 	Use HERE with caution.
	I think that it is not good if there is a leakage of confirmation by not attaching a mentions with care.
	Immediately point out any inappropriate use of here.

Case 2
 It instructs as follows
  Mentions and DMs may be sent as you wish.
  Automatically turn off notifications after hours with Slack's DND (Do Not Disturb) function!
  	[https://gyazo.com/8830341a65481762b39c8ffbd474a68d]

  Non-discretionary employees:.
   If you need to reply after hours for any reason, record it as operating hours.
   If you disable DND after hours, report it to your supervisor on the Slack channel for time and attendance management.
  Discretionary employees are free to do as they see fit.
 Mentioning HERE and CHANNELs is a good idea, but there are certain channels that are not good to do so.

Case 3
	opinion
 	Don't contact me on holidays.
  Once upon a time, if you didn't look at your email on weekends, you didn't have to worry about it, these days, notifications fly.
  Out of notice is a good argument, but it doesn't work that way.
  So, in principle, we shouldn't send them.
	Complaints felt by those who expressed this opinion
	 My boss throws DMs at me at midnight or even on my day off.
	Digging deeper, we found that a combination of the following factors were causing dissatisfaction
 	Cannot create a private channel without asking the IT department (internal rule issue)
 	Lately, there have been more topics that can't be done in public channels.
 	Due to the high cost of creating private channels, supervisors use DM
 	My boss was always someone who was active on holidays and evenings.
 	The supervisor is not looking at the calendar of the person to whom the message is sent.
 	+Bad Slack specs (below)

Supplemental Case 3
	Slack does not allow individual notification off of DMs from a specific person.
		Only a collective "Receive notifications of DMs and replies" can be set in the overall account settings.
		[https://gyazo.com/9895b1b31bbd48ce1f6b3654980d80aa]
	It is possible to stop all together with the Do Not Disturb function.
		However, this feature only looks at the time of day, so even if you have weekends off, it cannot automatically stop on weekends.

Case 4
 He tells the entire team that
  No matter what time they are sent, you don't have to see them until you are ready to work.
  You don't have to do anything to see it.
	Having made the above known, the sender can "send it whenever he/she wants to."
	This team has different team members working different hours due to time zones and family situations.
		No common "business hours" exist.
		I have a family situation and work from 10pm-3am at night.

Case 5
 My former boss was not a fan of chat tools.
 ... says
  Just don't answer the phone."
  Chat can see my notifications when I'm working on my computer."
  It puts pressure on them, it takes time away from them."
 It may be that the notification control of the chat tool at that time was not so good, but I thought that what people perceive as an interaction with their work is quite different from one person to another.
 If we can get better notification control, people who send them can just send them at any time they want, and so on.

Case 6
	It is not a good idea to do individually guessed DMs during the holidays.
	Public channel is OK if the culture is clearly defined.
 	For example, sharing information to spaces that do not require a response is OK.
 	Separate the sending method for "communication that requires a response or confirmation even offline" and "communication that does not."

About Hangout Chat
 Hangout Chat allows you to turn notifications on and off by thread, even in the same room.
 	Facebook equivalent of "Stop following this post".
 Hangout Chat has a mode where the history disappears in 24 hours.
  https://support.google.com/hangoutschat/answer/7664687?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=ja
  When this mode is on, if you inadvertently talk to someone who is resting, there is not even a trace when they return to work.

[Related case study: https://twitter.com/sassymanyuichi/status/1132906074443354112?s=21]
	I feel bad about mensching and notifying employees on their days off.
	If I don't post it on Slack the moment I think of it, I'll probably forget it.
	It's a hassle to write it down and send it at the end of the week.
	If you don't menshon, you'll be buried in a mass of messages.
	I would like a message reservation function.
		Q: Can't I just use the remind function? [src https://twitter.com/yabuchin_y/status/1132909804366622720]
		A: No, because reminders fly instead of messages

relevance
	Line chatting issue
		[Self-expression and notice overflows.]
	Slack Thread
		[Misunderstanding Slack's threading feature and notification coverage].
