Picker:Core Concepts
[Chinese]
>From the perspective of programming languages, the author presents the core concepts common and unique to each language, and through a comparison of the two in the process of language change and in the context of multi-menu languages, the author clearly shows the core knowledge of the language being programmed, including the number of functions, types, areas of action, categories, and traditions. The "代码之髓: 编程语言核心概念 "旨帮助helps readers better understand the causes of various concepts and better determine what to use, when to use them, and how to use them. At the same time, after reading this book, the reader's ability to understand new concepts that will appear in the future will also improve.
> "代码之髓: 编程语言核心概念" is a simple, common, and readable reference for design language for university design and software engineering, as well as reference material for computer programming, etc., and can also be used as a learning reference for software developers.
	From the Author's Angle of Language Design
		Fresh from: 从: 従: 〜from
		The author starts from the angle of designing a programming language
	Common or specific core concepts in the language
		围绕: 囲続
		Core concepts common or unique to other languages
	Through the process of changing the language performance in different directions.
		Longitudinal comparison of programming languages in the process of change and
	在多门语言中的横向比较
		Through multilingual lateral comparisons
	lucidly expressed
		Earth: meaning similar to "target".
		Emerging Clearly.
	Core knowledge of function, type, area of action, class, succession, etc. in the language of design
		Core knowledge of functions, types, scopes, classes, inheritance, etc. within programming languages
	To help readers better understand various concepts
		Intended to help you understand the various concepts so that you can comprehend them.
		旨旨旨旨ai?
		Help readers better understand various concepts
			Help readers better understand various concepts
	What causes each concept and how it is used, when it is used, and how it is used
		Each concept is based on what causes it to happen.
			What caused (various concepts) to be created
		on this basis
			On top of this foundation
		decision to move to a more favorable site
			Well judged.
		What to use, when to use, and how to use
			what it is used for, when it is used, and how it is used
	At the same time, after reading this book, the reader's ability to understand new concepts that will appear in the future will also improve.
		For: against: to
		At the same time, after reading this book, the reader will have the ability to understand new concepts that will appear constantly in the future.
		Will it be possible to obtain a new product?
	Seeking simplicity, generality, and careful readability, it can be used as reference material for general design language course material for university design courses in computer science and software engineering, as well as reference material for computer and other subjects, and as a learning reference for software developers.
		Introduction to Computer Science and Software Engineering
			University computer science and software engineering and other specialized programming design language overview materials
		计算机等级考试的参考资料
			Reference Materials for Computer Grade Examinations
		It can also be used as a reference book for software developers.
			Can you also create?
			Reference books for software developers
				Study reference for software development personnel



>Editor's Recommendation
> ★ 为什么编程语言中会有函数、类、作用域等概念？
> ★ 为什么语言设计者会设计出这样的语法？
> ★ Dissecting the process from many angles to grasp the core concepts and common knowledge of the process language.
> "代码之髓: 编程语言核心概念 "Author从编程语言设计的角度出发，围绕语言中共通或特有的核概念，过语言演变过程中纵向比较和在多门语言中横向比较，lightly present the core knowledge of function, type, area, class, succession, etc in the language being designed in the process of process design. This book aims to help readers better understand the causes of various concepts and better judge what to use, when to use it and how to use it on this basis. At the same time, after reading this book, the reader's ability to understand new concepts that will appear in the future will be improved.
> Author's profile
> Nishio Hirokazu
> D. degree from Cybozu in 2007, and has been working on software development to enhance knowledge productivity since 2007. He has been in charge of "2011 All-Japan Safety and Chengde Design Practice Training" as the head of the language group for the design of Chengde 程序设计语言组长. Special attention is paid to the variety and development of the language. His works include 《Jython语言程序设计》《程序员应该了解的程序设计基础知识》《WEB+DB PRESS》(60th special edition).
> 
> Zeng I鸣
> Graduated from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in 2010 as a research student of electronics engineering, currently working for an international independent software developer. I am interested in the application of software in the signal processing such as sound, image, etc.
https://www.amazon.cn/dp/B00M6KMQJU
