20190531 Study Group
How can we save mankind from the information flood?

Cybozu is a groupware company
	Groupware is a system that facilitates the distribution of information
	But in many cases, it's used within the company, so people outside the company can't observe how it's used.
	Especially for students, "groupware" often doesn't ring a bell, so I'll compare it to something else.
	Groupware is used by groups of people to communicate with each other.
		Like Facebook, Twitter, Slack or LINE.
		These are called Social Networking Services (SNS).
	In addition to its function as a social networking service:
		Project: Activities toward shared objectives within the team
		Facilities and equipment management: management of shared physical resources within the company
		Shared databases: sharing information within the company
	Groupware improves business productivity.
		[Cybozu's too free way of working was managed in this way!　Cybozu's too free way of working was managed in this way | Cybozu Style https://cybozushiki.cybozu.co.jp/articles/m005338.html]
		At Cybozu, 100 people can work 100 different ways.
		'I'm going to start coming in four days a week next month because I'm so busy with my side hustle!'
		A heavy burden on personnel.
		Do the exchange on groupware rather than in a physical meeting.

What happens when you use groupware
	In companies that use groupware, each employee sends out information
		(If you can put actual data here, put it in.)
	Large amounts of short natural language data are produced.
	Information flood!
	Need support for human use of this data.
	This is not unique.
		For example, the support you all already use is search and permalinks.
	search (e.g. for someone using a search engine)
		Verbal conversation: not searchable
		Email Conversations: Searchable
			Can be retrieved later by searching for "what did we talk about?
	Permalink.
		Email correspondence without permalinks:
			Even if you unearth past conversations, it's hard to share them with others.
			Copy and paste the text of the exchange
		If there is a permalink:
			There is a URL that points to a past exchange.
			Just give them that URL and tell them, "We've had this conversation before.
			Unlike copying and pasting parts of a conversation, you can check the back and forth of the conversation at the time.

Groupware is a productivity tool
	Groupware is a system that improves the intellectual productivity of team members
	I'm interested in increasing intellectual productivity.
	Publication of "The Intellectual Production of Engineers," August 2018.
	This is a book that observes and verbalizes the process of my intellectual production
	Especially in Chapter 5, "How to organize too much information" is explained.
		Structuring fragmented information in the book writing process
	Specific Methods
		Write it down and make it indelible.
		Expand and augment working memory capacity
		Compression and chunking by bundling with nameplate
	At this point in the book, they're doing it with pen and paper.
		I didn't have a satisfactory digital tool.
		Dissatisfaction with digital tools
			Narrow screen hinders "expand and increase capacity of working memory".
			If the input device is limited to a keyboard, it's hard to put in a little hand-drawn diagram or something.
	in the next ten years
		Large Monitor
		Pen Input Devices
	will become more prevalent in the office environment of
	The time will come when costs will be "electronic < paper".
	Complaints about paper
		Preparation cost of sticky notes (pieces of paper with bits of information)
	Should be able to reuse past outputs at low cost
	(Demo)
		Read and reorganize past lecture materials to create new materials.

	The Future
		Creating digital tools will allow us to get data we couldn't take before.
		For example, "reused fragments" are signs of "high universal usefulness"
		Two-dimensional arrangement of information fragments
			This can be regarded as annotating information fragments with a two-dimensional vector.
			word2vec embeds words into a vector space
			A similar approach to embedding short sentences into vector space has also been studied
	These data against information fragments accumulate
		What it leads to is unknown, but there is unexplored territory.
		By pioneering this, we hope to improve human intellectual productivity


	elementary school
		electronic blackboard
		About the same size as CISCO
		Can be touched with a special pen.
		dropper
		Able to produce PowerPoint
		Only used a few times a year.
		Ordinary blackboards would be used.
	MS Surface (big one)
	State in which paper textbooks are widely used
	Can you do something with the iPad in your possession?
		In an era when flyers are being handed out more and more to sell it.

	The problem of putting communication together later and not looking back.
		Minutes are read, but the actual situation flows

	The screen of the presentation and the actual situation at the time are later interleaved and summarized.
	
