Goals may be modified.
[Goal] may [modify
I often interview with unexplored junior
If nothing was constrained by time, technology, etc., what ultimately would you like to see happen?"
I ask.

This is a "distant goal". We do not expect to reach it in six months or a year.
	We have not set a deadline for when we will get there.

This is a question asking "[direction of travel]".
	There are many paths to take.
	I have them verbalize which direction they want to go.
	[https://gyazo.com/fcd0e51e4c54d8d18da1b6d56888473a]
	In a year's time, the direction you want to go may have changed. That is fine.
 	As you continue on the path, you will see difficulties that were not visible at first.
 	You may discover something more interesting as you continue on your way.
 	My 2020 self is more experienced than my 2019 self
 		My 2020 self should go in the direction I want to go in 2020.
 		You should not be forced to take the direction you think you should take in 2019.
	It's important to record, "This is what we thought as of May 2019."
		If you don't keep track, you'll somehow change and lose track of when it happened.
		If you record it, you can look back on it later.

[https://gyazo.com/1cfe89f9906ee93c042a6084a266b958]

Next, we ask, "What kind of presentation will you make at the results briefing five months from now?" also asked.
This is a "slightly closer target". And it has a deadline.
	The deadline is October 20, five months from now, and cannot be delayed for personal reasons.

This, like the "distant goal," can be modified.
	Halfway through a project, you may discover that what you thought you could do is actually difficult.
	We might be able to come up with "something that sounds good to talk about" that wasn't originally planned.
	I know more about the project at mid-project than I did at the start of the project
		So if you think it should be fixed, let's fix it.

After adoption, they meet once a week for an hour.
 There I ask, "What do you plan to do this week (before the next meeting)?" I ask.
 This is a "pretty close target.
 And as with the story so far, it can be corrected mid-week.

Why ask "what are you going to do this week" if you can always revise it?
	Do not lose your way.
		If we focus too much on solving immediate problems, we may spend too much time on things that are not important to achieving our larger goals.
			If development is a hobby with no deadline, it is fine as long as the development itself is enjoyable, but in this case, there is a deadline.
			Time is limited, so we need to prioritize what is as important as possible.
	Knowing how much work you thought you could do in an hour will improve your ability to estimate how long it will actually take.
		This ability is important to decide "how much to implement and what to give up" before the presentation of results
	Keep a record so you can remember later.
		When preparing materials for the results briefing, I can look back on my 5-month project.
	I can't understand PM if things are going well or poorly without a schedule.
		bad example
 		We'll continue to write the program this week!"
 		A week later "I wrote a program every day last week!"
 		PM "I see..."
 	Case in point.
 		This week we're building XX feature!"
 		A week later, "Last week we were supposed to build XX feature, but we haven't finished it because of a problem called YY."
 		PM: "I see, that YY problem is specifically - (digs in, etc.)"
 			If the problem is clear, we can figure out how to solve it.
 			If you're confused or something, maybe offering your knowledge can help.
 			There may be other options for time-consuming tasks than he/she is willing to do.

Only 20 weeks.
 Assuming June 9 as the first week.
 	Week 2: Boost Training Camp
 	Week 11: Mid-term camp
 	Week 20: Debriefing
	You make a plan, try to execute it, discover it doesn't work as planned, and revise the plan."
		You have 20 chances to experience and learn from this.
		Only 20 times.

[Unexplored Junior]

relevance
　[The fact that there is a wall in the way is not a reason not to go forward.]
