Three patterns of communication
One of the four 2x2 patterns is not recognized as "communication"
[https://gyazo.com/505e6db49c0bf42af52b0e85d223554d]
2 Attributes
	Those done for specific humans and those done for non-humans.
	What is closed with the parties and what is open to others.

Before the development of IT technology
	When two people were talking, it was "specific human partner" and "closed".
	Sometimes they spoke in a place where there were other people listening: "specific human counterparts" and "open".
	On the other hand, there were also "non-human counterparts" and "closed" outputs such as writing a diary
		Few consider this "communication."
	There were also "non-human counterparts" and "open" such as posting notices on physical bulletin boards.
		There were few opportunities for individuals to do this for a large audience.
		In terms of the amount of information, there were many "newspapers" and other forms of media.
			Because the cost of information dissemination was high
			The limited number of entities that could disseminate information at a cost led to the authorization of the media.

With the development of information technology
	The advent of e-mail
		It is now possible to have a "specific human partner" and "closed" across physical and temporal distances.
	mailing list
		Share email correspondence with others.
	Electronic Diary
		Some who used to keep paper diaries now keep them as digital files
		It had the advantage of being searchable.
	Electronic Diary Publishing
		Publish an electronic diary
		In the early days, this was done by editing HTML by hand
		Later, blogs were created and became widely practiced as the cost of work and the knowledge required was reduced.
		Decrease in information dissemination costs

Most tools can be used in both ways, so it is futile to try to classify tools ([false dichotomy]).
	Blogs, which are now considered to be a form of transmission for an unspecified number of people, had the concept of "trackbacks" in the early days.
		Ability to send a notification to a specific individual saying, "I wrote an article that mentions your article.
	Conversations on mailing lists are often "a reply to an email written by a certain person" (to a specific person), but
		When I first send a question or suggestion to the mailing list, it's often "tell me who you are" without assuming a specific, specific person.

context
	[mental model transition in communication].
	[Supplement to [Differences in Generational Communication, https://medium.com/@tokoroten/f69d544b2860]
	Is the mailing list one-to-one?"
