Feedback 4
	[/intellitech-en/(1.1.2) Modeling and abstraction]
		>Modeling and abstraction = the same thing? What is the link?
 	added:
  	I use the words "modeling" and "abstraction" in the same meaning. The words "pattern discovery" is also strongly related to the concept.
  	The abstraction is an important concept. However, the concept is itself abstract. I am worried that you will be confused. In (1.4) What is abstraction?, I explain the concept more in detail. 

	>The boxes to be stacked on are not limited to those collected. By looking at the collected boxes, you often create a new box. I call it [modeling]. I refer it [pattern discovery] in [(0.2.2) Compare and find patterns]. To create a new box to stack is to create abstract knowledge. So it is also called [abstraction]. [Model] is a box to be stacked on.
 > The boxes to be stacked on are not limited to those collected. By looking at the collected boxes, you often create a new box. I call it modeling. I referred to it in pattern discovery in (0.2.2) Compare and find patterns. To create a new box to stack is to create abstract knowledge It is also called abstraction. Model is a box to be stacked on.
	rewrote:
		>The boxes to be stacked on are not limited to those collected. 
			(same)
  >By looking at the collected information, you often find a pattern. The pattern is a new box. 
	 	(rewrote)
  >I referred to it in pattern discovery in (0.2.2) Compare and find patterns.
	  Correct? > "... in ... in ..."
			I mean: I call the phenomenon "pattern discovery"
			How about this: 
				> I call the activity "pattern discovery" in  (0.2.2) Compare and find patterns.
		>I also call it "modeling" because it is an activity to make a model. Model is a box to be stacked on.
			(change order and add the reason)
  >To create a new box to stack is to create more abstract information from concrete information. So I also call it "abstraction." 

	>Before writing a book, the author has various concrete experiences. However, in the process of turning o a book, the author can’t include all background information, and most of the concrete information is gone.
		>(My second draft) Before writing a book, the author has various [concrete] experiences. However, in the process of writing a book, the author can't write all experiences. The author can’t include all background information, and most of the concrete information is gone.
  I split the sentence. However it would be better to shorten
  (Third draft)
   Before writing a book, the author has various [concrete] experiences. 
   However, the author can't write all experiences in the book.
   So, most of the concrete information is gone in the process of writing a book.


	>Although the author makes an effort to provide a box to support by including concrete examples, the authors do not know what you have, so sometimes the supporting boxes are not enough. In that case, you need to create a missing box by yourself.
	>Although the author makes an effort to provide foundational boxes to support ideas or concepts by including concrete examples, the author doesn’t know what you have, so sometimes the supporting boxes aren’t  adequate., in which case, you need to create a missing box by yourself.
	The sentence is too long for me as a non-native reader.
		(rewrite)
   The author makes an effort to provide concrete examples to support abstract concepts.
   It is an effort to provide foundational boxes.
   However the author doesn’t know what boxes you have, so sometimes the supporting boxes aren’t adequate.
   In which case, you need to create a missing box by yourself.

	>Lists and tuples are very similar. What is different? This question becomes the driving force of learning. The driving force let you query what is different on a [search engine], rewrite the list in the program to tuples, and vice versa. These activities bring you new knowledge. I describe these activities with creating a new box and put it on two boxes.
	 > Lists and tuples are very similar. What is the difference? This question becomes the driving force behind learning. This driving force lets you query the difference between lists and tuples  on a search engine, replace a list in the program with tuples, and vice versa. These activities provide you with new knowledge. I describe these activities as creating a new box and placing it on top of two boxes.
			I mean "If you have quastion, it boost your learning" but it is not shown our draft
			draft:
    You would have thought that these two were similar.
    Human creates programming languages for specific purposes. So even though lists and tuples are similar, they are for different purposes.
    Suppose you are interested in the difference. Now you have a question, "what is the difference?"
    This question works as a driving force of learning. 
    Driven by this force, you may query the difference between lists and tuples on a [search engine].
    Or you replace a list in the program with tuples, run the program and observe the result. (*1)
    These activities provide you with new information.
    During collecting information, you will eventually create a new box and placing it on top of those boxes.
    Footnote (*1): You may see "AttributeError: 'tuple' object has no attribute 'append'" and "TypeError: unhashable type: 'list'". You may want to query those messages on a search engine.
