Ability to chop long sentences
Generate moderately short stickies when long sentences are inserted.

The Simple Way
	Simply carve in the number of characters
	Extract keywords
	Delete NG words

The process of stripping away relationships in a text
	particle is a relation
	Extreme: all stripped → collection of function words
	Extreme: left all → original text
	Moderate moderation.

Step-by-step method
	First receive a long sentence, then chop it up.
		Estimation of the location of the ticking
	Delete or rewrite unnecessary words
	Example
		"First you receive a long sentence, and then you chop it up."
		"First you receive a long sentence," / "and then you chop it up."
		"Receive a long letter" / "engrave."

Maybe "one line -> multiple stickies" is not appropriate.
	String of characters that appear repeatedly in a series of chat exchanges = keywords
		Even single words should be stickies.
			In other words, "whether it should be a sticky or not" is not determined on a line-by-line basis, but the entire pasted text is affected.
		A link to an occurrence should be a link to all occurrences
	Utilize [Clone Sticky Notes
	When the logs are sticky and messy, the work of filtering them to determine where they are necessary and where they are not should be supported.

Case ----.
Grouping is a type of intellectual production that allows for the creation of new knowledge by synthesizing a lot of concrete information, and allows for technical enhancement by doing it outside of the brain instead of doing it tacitly inside the brain.
 intellectual production
 Lots of specific information
 Synthesis.
 Generating new knowledge
 I do it implicitly in my brain. x
 I'll do it outside.
 Technical Enhancements
 grouping

The juridical personality is the personality as the subject of economic action with operations equivalent to grouping
	legal personality
	subject of economic activity
	character
	grouping
	Personality Grouping

The "unused knowledge = fragments that were not used in this presentation material" were also initially created from "may be used" in a state of "don't know if it will be used or not," and there was a process of structuring before it became clear that "this is used and this is not used.
	Scrapbox Granularity
		Unused knowledge = fragments that were not used in this presentation material.
		Made at first from "might use" with "don't know if I'll use it or not".
		There was a process of structuring before it became clear, "We use this, we don't use that."
	Sticky note granularity is much smaller.
		wisdom not to know
		Fragments that were not used
		first
		I don't know if I'll use it or not.
		Made because they might use it.
		I'll use this one.
		I won't use this one.
		Before clarification
		structuring

In the process of creating this presentation, I was once puzzled about how to explain the benefits of grouping, and then I poured in the entire information from different sources, including "stickies that are very relevant" and "stickies that will never be used in the presentation material as is," and this is what happened in the process of organizing it! I then poured in all the information from different sources, including "stickies that are very relevant" and "stickies that will never be used as they are.
	Scrapbox Granularity
 	Process for preparing materials for this presentation
 		I'm at a loss as to "how do I explain the benefits of grouping?"
 		Injecting information from another source in its entirety
 			Contains "stickies that are very relevant" and "stickies that would never be used as they are in lecture materials.
 		Organize it.
	sticky granularity
		Process for preparing materials for this presentation
		How do I explain the benefits of grouping?
		confusion
		Sticky note with a great relationship.
		Sticky notes that would never be used as lecture materials as they are
		Information from another source
		whole pouring
		liquidation

In other words, "whether it should be a sticky or not" is not determined on a line-by-line basis, but the entire pasted text is affected.
	Should it be a sticky note or not?
 not decided on a line-by-line basis
 The entire pasted text is affected.


[pRegroup2020]
