What the test users thought about the organizing process
An experiment in which inexperienced users were asked to organize a mixture of three past lecture materials and write down their thoughts on the process.
[https://gyazo.com/1e95c510e4eb75ac235f3fd8d70409b6]
Snapshot at this point
	http://nishio-s3.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/#/slideTestUserResult


Fat operation to start
...where do I start?
How should I move the stickies?
Let's put all the stickies with pictures together.
I wonder what shape I should arrange them in when I put them together.
...At the point of writing out the questions, it was easier to read them side by side, so I guess I should go ahead and organize them side by side as well.
But I'd kind of like to arrange the same kind of stickies vertically.
I'd like to match the gray width that appears when I click on a sticky so that I don't stack stickies on top of each other.
Start organizing by keywords (create large groups)
Let's pull out the stickies with "Intellectual Production" in the title in the upper left corner.
I think it contains keywords other than intellectual production.
First, let's take each major keyword outward and keep them close together.
It is difficult to distinguish between stickies about books, stickies about sales, and stickies about people.
For now, let's put together a sticky note about a particular person or book.
I think there is a sticky that looks like a flow of speeches. What should we do with these?
There are also stickies that look like some kind of special workflow. I can't distinguish them. I wonder what they are used for.
Groups that are similar to each other should be grouped together in close proximity.
Let's look over the whole thing once and see how well we've put it all together.
...fewer and fewer stickies with capitalized titles...
Let's also read the text and categorize it by content.
... notice that there are stickies about "stickies" and stickies about "writing".
I wonder if the above would be in the "output" group?
...From here, let's break it down into smaller pieces.
I wish I could move all the stickies together.
Let's put the details in place later, and let's put them all together in the same place for now.
Space is getting wider and easier to move the screen around.
I wonder if the "public" sticky goes under "output" or "evaluation"?
...Does the "Evaluation" sticky go into the "Inequality" group? Or is it an independent theme?
I guess the "output" group could still be classified as well. But let's save this for later and go to another keyword.
When you read the contents of some of the stickies, you realize that the messages are directed to college students.
Is the sticky note with the message to college students part of some group?
For now, let's just group them into a small but growing group of college students.
...Life's sticky note would go in either "college students" or "games."
...There are similar pictures on the "Around the University..." sticky and the "Life" sticky, so maybe if we put them together, it might make sense?
∙ Is the "Test of Time" a work group?　→ Read the content and organize it into groups for college students.
I put the "Personal History" sticky in the books and people introductions group, but it might fit better in the group for college students.
The stickies with similar contents to the above have been moved here.
Let's continue stickies of the same kind at the bottom. If the same keywords are used but the theme changes slightly, let's place them side by side.
Sticky notes with large letters could be used as group markers.
It's hard to look at the whole picture and distinguish between what's groupable and what's not.
Arrange the organized stickies neatly for easy reference.
When we arrange them, we may move them again, so let's leave one sticky note open between groups.
...books and groups of people need to be broken down more finely.
I wonder what the criteria are for dividing them. The contents of each sticky seem to be independent and difficult to summarize.
I wonder if the stickies that use "→" are the process of writing a book? Let's put them together in a separate frame for now.
I wonder what the "How was this book written?" is a sticky for. Let's summarize it as a sticky for "→."
...Is the above a group about books? Or is it an example of "output" etc.? I can't seem to figure it out...
The introduction of each chapter and the "big picture" sticky note would be easy to put together.
But if you read the above, you will notice that there are stickies here and there that can be taken as the flow of the lecture.
If you're not sure, let's put them together based on the title for now. If we can sort out another group, maybe we can figure something out.
Small letters, pictures only, large letters (message-like) left unorganized.
I'll read the ones I couldn't categorize one by one and bring them to the group that seems to fit tentatively.
If there is still some left over, let's put it all together.
Now that we have a rough idea of the large group, let's break it down into smaller pieces.
Fat "Intellectual Production of Engineers" group
Notice the key words "production techniques" and "engineers" and "careers".
Maybe the production technique and the engineer are a set.
Intellectual production may also be related to "learning" and "output.
I'll make a "career" group later. I'm pretty sure there were stickies about jobs in the other groups.
...What is "before and after"? I thought it was part of the content, but I'm starting to feel like it doesn't fit the group.
I wonder if "learning" and "intellectual production" are different from "production techniques."
I'm not sure if this group should be called "Intellectual Production Techniques of Engineers" because some of the stickies include "Programming" or not.
...Can programming and engineering be in the same group in the first place?
It's computer-y, so I'll put it all together.
I think I mixed up some dissimilar stickies. Let's remove this one nearby. Skills", "Before and After", etc.
Fat "Question" group
What is a question?
...Is it a question for a lecture, in a work session, or as a catch-all?
...read the content and leave out the catch-all stuff (and put it back in again later).
I notice that I've put together stickies with different classifications, but I can't for the life of me figure out which group I'm going to go to.
In a group, "Question" stickies with the same theme should be arranged vertically.
Fat "Writing" group
...Maybe this is part of the output, but there are a lot of stickies that contain the word "write" so they could be grouped together.
What should I do with the "speak" sticky?
The "I don't know what to write" sticky note and the set of "good" sticky notes were my personal favorites and I knew their contents, so I immediately put them in the "write" group.
I didn't grasp the "write it or it's gone" sticky note at first, but once I grouped them together, it felt right.
Fat "Output" group
I've got a lot of stickies in my output.
I need to read the content again to sort it in detail.
Let's put together those that have numbers, such as "・・・(1/4)".
When stickies of the same type are lined up vertically, the overall balance is not good, and there is not enough space.
Let's organize each large-print sticky note in more detail.
...Isn't the "Only output information..." sticky a group of outputs? I have a feeling it has something to do with "public."
I'd like to put the "Public" group near the "Output" group.
Fat "Inequality" group
This group should be placed near the "Public" and "Careers" or "Games" groups.
Let's also divide this one into small pieces for each capitalized sticky note.
◯ "Spread out what you wrote..." group
I wonder if this is a group about "sticky notes."
The content is interesting, but I wonder which group this work is related to.
I want to put it near "output" and "writing.
...There's a sticky that contains "compression". Is this a "compression" group?
...Which group is this "compression" regarding in the first place... (-> later)
◯ "Change of game rules" group
...this group wants to place it near "inequality" and "careers."
There seem to be two kinds of games. Let's put them each in two vertical rows.
The "One Way" sticky has a variety of titles compared to the "Game of Exploration" sticky, but the content seems to be the same in "One Way", so I guess I should just continue and put them side by side.
Fat: "Career and Intellectual Productivity" group
Let's put this together with the keyword "career" as a priority.
There were a few contract style stickies here and there, so I summarized them here.
The "Multiple Organizations..." stickies seem to be related to the "Games" group.
But we have the words "organization" and "human resources," so let's make it a "career" group.
I'm starting to think that if I think too much detail, I won't be able to put it all together.
...my head is getting a little tired...
◯ "You are all in a transitional period right now" group
Put together a message sticky for students here.
◯ "Introduction/Stream of this book" group
Stickies of the whole picture are vertically
I'll put a sticky here to introduce the chapters.
Fat "How did this book..." group
Let's just summarize the stickies for the →. I want to summarize the events leading up to the writing of the book, so stickies for questions would be good here too.
Let's put the author's stickies in a separate group.
◯ "Self-introduction" group
Sticky note for self-introduction is easy because the title is the same.
I feel like the sticky for the ranking is also about the author, so I guess I'm good here.
There are a lot of stickies with specific examples.
...I guess they are specific examples of some of the themes. But they all seem to be written about books, so let's put them in this group.
Fat "Book" group
Can we put them together just because they have the same photo?
I don't know the groups involved when I read the text.
I'll summarize them here based on the photos.
Fat "Appendix" group
Will the appendix be used at the end of the lecture?
I wonder if "Cybozu" is one of the companies the speaker founded or something.
I want to put "company blog posts" in the company group, but I couldn't create the corresponding group.
Are the people and organizations summarized here the same or are they multiple people and organizations?
...Is the above being addressed by the speakers themselves or as the main attraction, or is it being subbed out as an example?
This group is difficult to even put together in vertical rows.
Are the "people who want to read" and "links" directed to people who are interested in the book and want to know more about it?
Is the above correct for this group or should it be a group of messages to students?
It doesn't look like it contains any words that can be said with certainty.
◯ "Understanding is a hypothesis" group
Let's put all the stickies about experiments and hypotheses here.
...maybe a sticky on "action" would be good here too.
No unified keywords, but the contents are consistent with each other.
Fat "Software" group
Is "ware" in groupware probably the same as "ware" in software?
I found the history of programming and the role of languages on the sticky note for languages, so I'll put this one here too.
(Again, lumped together because they are computer-like)
I have a similar picture. This could be put together.
The stickies about both humans and computers were confusing. I was tempted to put them in the "learning" group, but the keyword "computer" took precedence and they were grouped here.
I didn't understand the sticky note "peculiarities" at first, but after checking the contents, I put it here with the keyword "language" as a clue.
... "What's Groupware?" stickies, so it was easier to put together both human and computer stickies here.
Fat "Acceleration" group
I wanted to create a "Learning" group, but the "Acceleration" sticky had larger letters, so I used it as a group marker.
I wondered if "engineering learning" had anything to do with acceleration, but I tied it to this group based on "learning.
Seeing the "Acceleration = Improved Efficiency" sticky note, we also summarized people's learning to this group.
Sticky notes with only a diagram are not related to "learning" in terms of content.
Fat "Scrapbox" group
I had no knowledge at all, so it was easy to put it together the other way around.
I've compiled a list of computer-like items here based on keywords that I couldn't figure out.
Fat "work" group
Sticky notes that may be used for work are also collected here.
Stickies marked with "work" are also available here.
Fat and others
... "It's important" and "It can't be" were two pieces I didn't understand until the end.
∙ I couldn't figure out what the "What is it for?" sticky was for multiple people. I thought it might have something to do with the "game" group's "game of exploration," but I wasn't certain, so I decided to put it together with the two above.
I wondered whether the "Give&Take is..." group would be placed in the "Output" group, but I thought it would be better to group them near the "Writing" group, so I organized them as a small group.