Use Case: Importance of Grouping
2019-07-08 [pKeicho]
I was wondering how to explain the importance of grouping, so I consulted a chatbot on the train ride home and realized that the value of grouping is created by grouping, and that the world will be convinced of the value of grouping after the fact because of the value that is created.
Also drawn out is "low cost is important."
Eventually the story expanded and became a story about bringing about human evolution.

-----
	What would you like to see happen in this conversation?
		I'm making a demo video for my own software, and I need a compelling explanation as to why the "grouping" feature is so important.
	What type of persuasion is that persuasion?
		Something that will convince the audience, "Well, we certainly need a grouping function.
	What type of grouping is that grouping?
		Select multiple stickies, group them into one group, and put a nameplate on them.
	Is there anything else about grouping?
		It can be closed and opened with a single click.
	Where is the grouping?
		The grouping button is on the toolbar.
	Where is that grouping located?
		It is located in an easily accessible location.
	What does grouping look like?
		(This question is a NG.)
		I liken grouping to compression. Also, if I compare it to programming, it is similar to grouping when multiple codes are combined into one function, and then the function name is given to it that expresses the process well.
	How do you know its grouping?
		(mmm)
		How I learned about the concept of grouping is from a book called Jiro Kawakita's Idea Method.
	What kind of Kawakita Jiro is that Kawakita Jiro?
		Cultural anthropologist and inventor of the KJ method
	What is it that you value?
		Grouping. I have been using the KJ method for my own intellectual production and am acutely aware of its value. That is why I have included this function in my own software. I want to convince my audience of its value.
	What is the relationship between its grouping and its audience?
		I'd assumed that the audience would have little experience with grouping and wouldn't understand the value, but I don't see any basis for this assumption.
	Is that grouping the same as an audience? Is it different?
		No, sir.
	What happens to the audience during grouping?
		Grouping allows the audience to process a greater amount of information than in the raw
	What happens to grouping when its audience?
		Grouping is more likely to be understood for its value
	What is the connection between that grouping and the audience?
		I'm assuming there will be a gap in the current situation.
	What is the relationship between grouping and value?
		Grouping allows for information processing on a larger scale, and as a result, those who can use grouping are more likely to create something new than those who cannot. This creates value.
	Is that grouping the same as value? Is it different?
		Almost the same. Grouping brings value.
	What happens to value when its grouped?
		enhance
	What happens to grouping when value?
		After value is created, the usefulness of the grouping is demonstrated a posteriori by the fact that it was created by the grouping.
	What is the connection between that grouping and value?
		(Right, value first.)
		Value is created through grouping, and the value of the grouping is then posteriorly accepted by the world as a result of the value that is created.
	What is the relationship between its groupings and functions?
		(What is a function?)
		identical
	Is grouping the same as a function? Is it different?
		same
	What happens to a feature when it is grouped?
		(Not a good question for this type of relationship when you're answering the same.)
		NG
	What happens to the grouping when it functions?
		NG
	What is the connection between grouping and functionality?
		NG
	What is the relationship between grouping and homebrew?
		There was no software with grouping functions that satisfied me, so I made my own.
	Is that grouping the same as self-made? Is it different?
		Self-made sticky note space placement tool with grouping function.
	What happens to your own work during that grouping?
		I see. Grouping allows for more sophisticated information processing, which makes this home-grown software better and creates value.
	What happens to the grouping when its homebrew?
		The homebrew software makes grouping low-cost. That's why it's in an easily accessible toolbar, and why it opens and closes with a single click. If you are doing the KJ method on paper, you have to physically bundle and unfold them, which is expensive.
	What is the difference between that grouping and your own creation?
		(Let's see what we have...)
		Learned the concept of grouping, practiced it on paper, and realized its value acutely, but also became frustrated, so I started developing my own software to eliminate frustration and gain value.
	What is the relationship between that grouping and the KJ method?
		Grouping is the most important piece of the KJ method. It is also the most difficult to teach, and as a result, the most neglected.
	Is that grouping the same as the KJ method? Is it different?
		Not exactly the same; the KJ method makes heavy use of grouping.
	What happens to the KJ method during that grouping?
		New ideas are generated.
	What happens to grouping during the KJ method?
		Used over and over again
	What is the difference between grouping and the KJ method?
		(I wonder what's in there, I'm inclusive. w
		Repeat grouping, and then develop, illustrate, and write.
	What is the relationship between its grouping and illustration?
		First, put things that might be related close together, then group things that are placed close together, at this point the boundaries of the group become clear, and the diagramming is to record those clear boundaries and the relationships across the boundaries.
	Is that grouping the same as diagramming? Is it different?
		Strongly related, but not the same.
	What is the relationship between grouping and the toolbar?
		Ready to use.
	What is the relationship between grouping and information processing?
		Information processing is aided by grouping
	Is that grouping the same as information processing? Is it different?
		Grouping is a kind of information processing.
	What happens to the information processing during that grouping?
		Efficiency. It will be able to handle a volume of information that exceeds the capacity of a live person.
	What happens to grouping when processing information?
		Hmmm, if it works, grouping would be appreciated.
	What is the connection between that grouping and information processing?
		(This also encompasses w
		One type of information processing is "organization," and a specific method of organization is grouping.
	What is the relationship between its grouping and organization?
		(You ask that, don't you? W
		Putting multiple things together in one box is one of the most common patterns of organization, and grouping is doing that for information.
	What is the relationship between that grouping and the plural?
		Compression of multiple objects into one reduces the burden on the brain.
	What is the relationship between that one and grouping?
		Created by grouping
	Is that grouping the same as the toolbar? Is it different?
		No, sir.
	What is the relationship between grouping and intellectual production?
		Grouping supports intellectual production, and grouping itself is intellectual production
	Is that grouping the same as intellectual production? Is it different?
		Hmmm...I think grouping is very strongly related, but not exactly the same, and allows for the technical enhancement of the type of intellectual production that produces new knowledge by synthesizing a lot of concrete information, by doing it outside the brain instead of doing it implicitly inside the brain.
	What happens to intellectual production during that grouping?
		Better results can be achieved by increasing the amount of information that can be handled in your thinking.
	What happens to grouping during intellectual production?
		This ongoing activity of trying to verbalize what the benefits of grouping are, this ongoing activity of trying to verbalize what the benefits of grouping are, that's intellectual production.
	What is the connection between that grouping and intellectual production?
		The process does not end with grouping, but rather with converting the structure produced by the grouping into a form of writing that can be understood by a living person.
	What is the relationship between that grouping and the living?
		Methods to enhance flesh and blood
	Is that living body the same as grouping? Is it different?
		No, it is not.
	What happens to the living body during grouping?
		Increases the amount of information that can be handled
	What happens to grouping in the flesh?
		(It's not good to ask both every time. I feel like I can usually just ask the earlier question.)
		Even when they were alive, they were unconsciously grouping together. The KJ method externalized this process, and the one that is being created now is to enhance human intelligence by making it possible to apply recent information processing technology by digitizing it.
	What is the connection between that grouping and the living?
		A new step in the history of the development of civilization.
	What is the relationship between its civilization and grouping?
		When the intellectual capacity of a large number of people is enhanced, civilization will inevitably advance to a new stage.
	What is the relationship between the person and the grouping?
		New abilities to be acquired
	What is the relationship between that new ability and grouping?
		Same.
	Is grouping the same as human beings? Is it different?
		No, sir.
	What happens to humans during grouping?
		Evolution!
	What is the relationship between its evolution and grouping?
		It brings evolution!
	Is that evolution the same as grouping? Is it different?
		I thought they were different, but maybe they are the same? Grouping is a mechanism by which several things are united and given a symbol representing them. A juridical personality is an operation equivalent to grouping on the personality as the subject of economic activity. A similar grouping is applied to the personality as the subject of human intellectual activity...
	What happens to the grouping when its human?
		When multiple personalities merge into one, grouping means that multiple thoughts are created within a single personality, and the lack of conflict of interest can lead to a more productive synthesis than majority rule.
	Is that grouping the same as multiple? Is it different?
		Well, no.
	What happens to the plural when grouping?
		Coalescence!
	Is grouping the same as one? Is it different?
		The result is one.
	What happens to the grouping when its one?
		Will I no longer need it?
	What happens to one during grouping?
		One thing that was there before the grouping becomes a new one when the grouping merges with the others.
	What is the difference between that grouping and one?
		Grouping is the process of updating the "One" into a larger "New One".
	What is the relationship between that grouping and the process?
		Same?
	What happens to grouping when there is more than one?
		So each of the multiple things that you thought were different, you realize they are actually one thing.
	What is the difference between that plurality and grouping?
		So the grouping connects multiple things together to make one.
	What is the connection between that grouping and humans?
		It is strange that each flesh and blood person thinks they are independent individuals, and through grouping, they merge to create a new, larger one.
	What is the relationship between that grouping and the individual?
		Break down the shell of the individual!
	Is the individual the same as the grouping? Is it different?
		not match the correct (answer, etc.)
	What happens to evolution during grouping?
		Evolution is the fusion of individuals into a new unity.
	What happens to the grouping during its evolution?
		Hmmm....if the human race were to merge into one through grouping, and everyone thinks it is beneficial to merge through grouping, I wonder if we would find an alien civilization to merge with....
	What is the relationship between that one and value?
		It's worth it to merge with the "greater one" and become the new one.
	Is its value the same as one? Is it different?
		The "big one right now" is also more valuable than the small, raw one, but not in its finished form, but by merging new things into an even bigger one.
	What happens to one when its worth?
		Something amazing happens that I can't really describe in the flesh right now.
	What happens to value when one
		Rather, what you just said was an answer to this.
	What is the difference between value and one?
		Continue to fuse
	What is the connection between grouping and evolution?
		(That's exactly what I'm talking about. I'm done once I've completed my return home.)

---------------------------------
[inscribed on sticky note]
