Conversation Log2019-07-19
from [pKeicho]

	What would you like to see happen in this conversation?
		We've added a lot of functionality and made some design changes, and we'd like to talk to you about them as well as test them.
	One is one of what kind?
		(Oh, you retain the memory of the last time?)
		reset
		Let's talk.
		(It was buggy and dead.)
		(It was a bug related to load/save to Firestore, a troublesome one that only occurred immediately after a reset, so it was more difficult to create test code to reproduce the bug than to fix it).
		Let's talk.
	What would you like to see happen in this conversation?
		I'd also like to talk about the bug fixes that were suddenly discovered earlier, to make sure they are working properly.
	What type of motion test is that?
		At the very least, if I don't die from general input today, I can talk on my phone tomorrow on a moving train or something, so I want to make sure that's the minimum I'm talking about.
	What type of minimum is that minimum?
		Not to die from normal input.
	What type of input is that?
		Not special commands or anything like that, just normal chat exchanges.
	What type of command is that command?
		Reset and such are special commands.
	Is there anything else about that command?
		not (verb-negating suffix; may indicate question or invitation with rising intonation)
	>I'd also like to talk about the bug fixes that were suddenly discovered earlier, and confirm that they are working properly.
	Is there anything else you can tell us about this motion test?
		Yeah, I added the ability to quote and add "this" when referring to a distant sentence, but Mattermost needed another blank line!
	What type of additions are those additions?
		When people respond to keywords in remote sentences, they sometimes forget what they are talking about, so I tried to make it easy to understand by quoting them and saying, "It's about this word in this sentence.
	What type of sentence is that sentence?
		Human-typed text
	Is there anything else about that sentence?
		nai
	What type of nai is that nai?
		NG
	Is there anything else about that nai?
		NGKW
	>Texts typed by humans
	Where is this text?
		It's in the chat log.
	What type of chat logs are those?
		They are in chronological order and can be read retroactively.
	What type of time series is that?
		The old one is on top, the new one is on the bottom, and the input field is at the bottom, so the last story appears just before the last story.
	What is it that you value?
		Since this bot is a system that digs in by repeating questions about human speech to encourage embodiment, I think it should be quoted to remind us about non-immediate sentences that humans may have forgotten.
	What is the relationship between that text and human beings?
		Writing is what humans have created.
	Is that text the same as a human being? Is it different?
		In a way, it's the same thing.
	What happens to people when they are in writing?
		NG
	What happens to a sentence when it is human?
		NG
	What is between the text and the human being?
		NG (I haven't fixed it here yet.)
	What is the relationship between the sentence and the immediately preceding sentence?
		Humans spin sentences by looking at what they said just before and the bot's response to it.
	Is that sentence the same as the one immediately preceding it? Is it different?
		Mostly not.
	What happens immediately before at the time of writing?
		Nothing happens.
	What happens to the text when it is last minute?
		(I've been meaning to fix this too, but haven't done it yet.)
		(Well, I was able to check the operation, so that's good.)
		bye-bye
		This should stop it from reacting.
		When someone says, "Let's talk," you respond only to that person's words and engage in conversation.
		Let's talk.
	What would you like to see happen in this conversation?
		Just to confirm, you're the one who inherited my memory from last time, right?
	What type of memory is that memory?
		Before "Let's talk."
	What kind of someone is someone?
		Oh, you're listening and refreshing your memory even while you're silent.
	Where is that memory?
		reset
  `[test]`
		Let's talk.
	What would you like to see happen in this conversation?
		is
	What type of TEST is TEST?
		(I'm listening and refreshing my memory even while you're silent, not an intended implementation, but that's good or bad...)
		(No, even if you're going to speak from memory while you're silent, you're going to have to provide a citation so people know what you're talking about, at least not the current implementation.)

Conversation Log2019-07-19

supplement
	NGKW is a command that forces you to forget the keywords used in the previous question.
	Reset is a command to initialize memory
	`[test]` is a command that ensures that test is picked up as a keyword
	`is` is a sentence without keywords
	Initializing memory and making sure you speak in your memory while you sleep by having a conversation without keywords after putting test in your keyword list while you sleep.
	→Is it possible to speak by speaking in one's memory while sleeping?
