Sutra is an auxiliary wheel
The Intellectual Production of Engineers Revisions for the 4th Edition
Result:.
	Suppose you can copy, say, 5 pages in 25 minutes. If the textbook is 300 pages, the estimate is that it would take 25 hours to copy the entire book. Looking at this estimate, you may be discouraged, thinking, "I have to spend 25 hours. But that is a mistake.
	Scripture is not the objective. The goal is for you to be able to understand the textbook. The sutra is like an auxiliary wheel until you can ride a bicycle. When you read a book and have no understanding of it, it is the same as when you ride a bicycle and keep falling over and not moving forward. By putting on an auxiliary wheel, you will be able to move forward. And as they ride with the wheels, they improve their riding skills and become able to ride without the wheels.
	If you look vaguely at a book you read but do not understand, you will not feel that you have gained anything. On the other hand, if you do sutra copying, your writing will remain in a form. This is easier to maintain your motivation. This is the effect of having a clear goal. And it is easier to stay motivated if your goal is not 25 hours from now, but 25 minutes from now. This is the effect of making the goal closer, as we learned in "Tutorials Make the Goal Closer" (page 10)
	As you learn more and more efficiently, you will feel less and less need for sutra copying. You will realize why I compared sutra chanting to an auxiliary wheel. You can remove the auxiliary wheels when you feel that you no longer need them. In other words, you can stop sutra chanting when you feel that you no longer need to do it.

-----
The Intellectual Production of Engineers, 3rd ed. p. 27
Suppose you can copy, say, 5 pages in 25 minutes. If the textbook is 300 pages,
It takes roughly 25 hours to finish copying the entire sutra. If you are not familiar with sutra copying, please refer to this page.
You may flinch at the 25-hour estimate of It is "25 hours spent
You have to spend 25 hours.
It does not mean that you have to. sutra until you can ride a bicycle.
[auxiliary rings]. The state in which you read a book and have no idea what you are reading is a bicycle
It is the same as when you are on a bicycle and you keep falling over and cannot move forward. Auxiliary wheels
And then, you will be able to move forward with the And you are running with auxiliary wheels.
In the years that followed, his bicycle riding skills improved and he was able to ride without auxiliary rings.
Yes.
Even in the worst case scenario, where you can't learn effectively, you can still do 25 hours of sutra chanting."
The fact that it is possible to estimate that "if you have copied one textbook, you have copied one textbook".
I was vaguely thinking, "I have no idea what I'm reading, but I have to do my best to learn it.
It is easier to stay motivated than in a state of "I want to do this". Clearly stated goal
This is the effect of making sure that The purpose of this is to move learning forward.
Scripture is a means, not an end. And 25 hours later is the goal.
Instead, you try it for 25 minutes first. The tutorial is a goal.
This is the effect of making the goal closer, as we learned in "Getting Closer" (page 10). Do.
I learned more and more efficiently, and I felt the need for sutra copying.
The "auxiliary wheels" are no longer there. You will realize why I compared it to an auxiliary wheel.
You can remove the auxiliary wheels when you feel that you no longer need them.
I don't know. You can stop doing the sutra when you feel that you no longer need it.

Once disassembled and modified
	Suppose you can copy, say, five pages in 25 minutes.
		If the textbook is 300 pages, it is estimated to take 25 hours to transcribe the entire book.
		This estimate may discourage you from doing it, thinking that you have to spend 25 hours on it.
		But that is a mistake.

	Shakyo is like an auxiliary wheel until you can ride a bicycle.
		Reading a book and not understanding it is like riding a bicycle and falling over and not moving forward.
		So the auxiliary wheels allow them to move forward.
		Then, as they ride with auxiliary wheels, they improve their bicycle riding skills and become able to ride without them.

	Scripture is not the objective. The goal is for you to be able to understand the textbook.

	The sentence is complicated: [- "Even in the worst case scenario where you are unable to learn effectively, if you continue to copy sutras for 25 hours, you will have the achievement of having copied a textbook," which will make it easier to stay motivated than if you vaguely think, "I have no idea what I am reading, but I have to try to learn. It is easier to maintain motivation.]

	If you look vaguely at a book you read but do not understand, you will not feel that you have gained anything. On the other hand, if you do sutra copying, your writing will remain in a form. This is easier to maintain your motivation. This is the effect of having a clear goal.
	And it is easier to stay motivated if you set a goal for the next 25 minutes instead of 25 hours from now.
		It's the effect of getting closer to the goal, as we learned in "Tutorials Get Closer to the Goal" (page 10).

	As you learn more and more efficiently, you will feel less and less need for sutra copying. You will realize why we compared sutra copying to an auxiliary wheel.
	You can remove the auxiliary rings when you feel that you no longer need them. In other words, you can stop sutra chanting when you feel you no longer need to do so.

liquidation
	Suppose you can copy, say, 5 pages in 25 minutes. If the textbook is 300 pages, the estimate is that it would take 25 hours to copy the entire book. Looking at this estimate, you may be discouraged, thinking, "I have to spend 25 hours. But that is a mistake.
	Scripture is not the objective. The goal is for you to be able to understand the textbook. The sutra is like an auxiliary wheel until you can ride a bicycle. When you read a book and have no understanding of it, it is the same as when you ride a bicycle and keep falling over and not moving forward. By putting on an auxiliary wheel, you will be able to move forward. And as they ride with the wheels, they improve their riding skills and become able to ride without the wheels.
	If you look vaguely at a book you read but do not understand, you will not feel that you have gained anything. On the other hand, if you do sutra copying, your writing will remain in a form. This is easier to maintain your motivation. This is the effect of having a clear goal. And it is easier to stay motivated if your goal is not 25 hours from now, but 25 minutes from now. This is the effect of making the goal closer, as we learned in "Tutorials Make the Goal Closer" (page 10)
	As you learn more and more efficiently, you will feel less and less need for sutra copying. You will realize why I compared sutra chanting to an auxiliary wheel. You can remove the auxiliary wheels when you feel that you no longer need them. In other words, you can stop sutra chanting when you feel that you no longer need to do it.

