unfair reduction requirement
Gifts and bequests to [general incorporated associations] are not subject to gift or estate tax, except when they "result in an unreasonable reduction of the estate or gift tax liability.

roughly speaking
	Three directors, each of whom is not a relative or servant.
	No special benefits to officers or their relatives
	It stipulates that any remaining assets at the time of dissolution go to the treasury.
If you do this, you do not meet the requirement of unjustifiable reduction, so it is OK.

[No. 2 Treatment of Gift Taxes on Corporations with No Established Equity Interests｜National Tax Administration Agency https://www.nta.go.jp/law/tsutatsu/kobetsu/sozoku/640609-2/03.htm]

inheritance tax law
>Article 66 Where a gift or bequest of property is made to an association or foundation without juridical personality with a designated representative or administrator, the said association or foundation shall be deemed to be an individual and gift tax or inheritance tax shall be imposed thereon. In this case, the total amount of the gift tax to be paid by the association or foundation shall be the amount of the gift tax calculated by deeming that the association or foundation acquired the property by gift from only one of the persons who made the gift, for each person who made the gift.
> 2. The provisions of the preceding paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis to the case where property is provided for the establishment of an association or foundation as provided in the preceding paragraph.
> ３ ...
> 4 The provisions of the preceding three paragraphs shall apply mutatis mutandis where a gift or bequest of property has been made to a juridical person in which equity is not specified, and it is deemed that the gift or bequest will result in an unreasonable decrease in the burden of inheritance tax or gift tax on the relatives of the donor of the gift or bequest and other persons having special relationships prescribed in Article 64(1) with these persons. In this case, the term "inheritance tax" in paragraph (1) shall be deemed to be replaced with "inheritance tax". In this case, the term "association or foundation without juridical personality with a designated representative or administrator" in paragraph (1) shall be deemed to be replaced with "juridical person without a designated equity interest," the term "said association or foundation" with "said juridical person," and the term "association or foundation" in paragraphs (2) and (3) with "juridical person without a designated equity interest".

Since the members of a general incorporated association do not have the right to claim distribution of the residual assets, the general incorporated association is a "corporation without stipulation of ownership. Therefore, basically, the opposite interpretation of paragraph 1 is true and "no gift tax is imposed," but paragraph 4 applies mutatis mutandis with an additional condition, so gift tax is imposed only in that case. The additional condition is "when it is recognized that the burden of inheritance tax or gift tax is unreasonably reduced.

Article 33, Paragraph 3 of the Inheritance Tax Law Enforcement Order
>Inheritance Tax Law Enforcement Order
> Article 33
> 3 When a juridical person without stipulated equity interest prescribed in Article 65(1) of the Act that has acquired property by gift or bequest satisfies the following requirements, it shall not be deemed to result in an undue decrease in the burden of inheritance tax or gift tax under Article 66(4) of the Act.
> (i) Its administrative organization is appropriate, and its articles of endowment, articles of incorporation, or rules stipulate that the number of officers, etc. who have family relations and those who have the following special relationships with them (referred to as "family members, etc." in the following item) shall not exceed one-third of the total number of officers, etc. respectively. (i) the number of officers, etc. (including those who have a family relationship) and those who have the following special relationships (referred to as "family members, etc." in the following item) shall not exceed one third of the number of officers, etc.
> a. A person who is not married to the officer, etc. with whom he/she has a familial relationship but is in a situation similar to that of a de facto marriage.
> (b) Employees and persons other than employees of the Officers, etc. who have a family relationship with said Officers, etc. and whose livelihood is dependent on the money or other assets received from said Officers, etc.
> c. Relatives of those listed in (a) or (b) who share the same livelihood with these persons.
> (d) In addition to the officer, etc. having such family relationship and the persons listed in (a) to (c) above, an officer prescribed in Article 2(xv) (Definitions) of the Corporation Tax Act (in (1) referred to as a "corporate officer") of any of the following corporations (i) A person who is an officer, etc. or an employee of a corporation listed in (a) to (c) below.
> (1) Other corporations in which the officer, etc. with the family relationship is an officer of the company
> (2) Other corporations that fall under the category of family corporation prescribed in Article 2(x) of the Corporation Tax Act when the said officers, etc. having a family relationship and the persons listed in (a) to (c) inclusive and corporations having a special relationship specified by a Cabinet Order prescribed in Article 2(x) of the same Act with these persons are the basis for the judgment
> (ii) Not to give any special benefit to the person who gave a gift or bequest of property to the juridical person, the founder, members or officers, etc. of the juridical person, or the relatives, etc. of these persons, with respect to the use of facilities, investment of surplus funds, ownership of property in the event of dissolution, lending money, transfer of assets, payment of salaries, appointment of officers, etc. or other management of property and business operations (2) No special benefits shall be given to the relatives, etc. of these persons.
> (iii) In its act of endowment, articles of incorporation or rules, there is a provision that in the event of dissolution of such juridical person, its residual assets shall be vested in the national government or local governments, public interest incorporated associations, public interest incorporated foundations or other juridical persons that operate business for public interest purposes (limited to those without provision for equity interest). 
> (iv) That there is no fact of violation of laws and regulations, no fact of concealment or disguised recording or entry of all or part of transactions in its books and documents, or any other fact contrary to public interest with respect to the said juridical person.
