Tips for Video Creation
Make a note of what you think "this would be better."

	Output Video:Project" is n:1, not 1:1
		Using one long video as material, cut it out to make multiple videos, or use part of the previous video in one video.
	I'm talking about a large project to create multiple videos from multiple long material videos.
 	Put a short prefix on the video material.
 		Sort by name to get it all together.
 		`X_`, etc. is good.
 			At first, it was prefixed with an explanatory...
  			Descriptive prefixes, shaking.
  				Rush Video," "Assault Video," etc.
  				It is not possible to give an appropriate short summary at the work stage
 			The "ones I'm working on right now" are capped at a few at most, so the alphabet is sufficient.
 			Alphabets come first in the list.
 			A descriptive name can be freely added after the prefix
 		When you're done working on it, you can make a bin and put it away there.
 			bin with an appropriate short summary
	At the time I took the video, I should have written in Scrapbox what video was taken when and with what file name.
		I can't tell from the sequentially numbered video file names alone.
		You have to look back to find out -> inefficiency
		Best to write it down on the day it was taken.
			You can't tell over time.
		[Video work-in-progress inventory]
	You can write down ideas for videos you want to do.
		[list of things I'd like to do to create a video].
	It's hard to edit if you move right after you finish speaking.
		Leave about 3 seconds of space before and after.
 Your eyes are swimming.
 	I'd rather have a campa by the camera at this level.
 	I put the camphlet (PC) near the camera so that my gaze no longer wanders in the void.
 		But obviously the eyes go down and so on.
 		Maybe "look, look back at the camera, look back at the camera, talk."
 			It's easier to edit if it's separated by a silent section, and
 	Because you're facing the camera, it's a "metaphor of two people talking".
 		In the game play style of P in P video shot from an angle, the eyes are not looking at the camera in the first place.
 		This is "the metaphor of listening to someone talking about games on the side."
	[The phenomenon of not seeing the chassis version.]
		A bad title or thumbnail can make a noticeable difference.
	[3-week review]
	[Six-week review]
	Trying to make one perfect explainer video raises the psychological hurdle too high.
		Let's make short instructional videos and release them sequentially.
		I made one video, then realized after a while that I forgot to say something, so I made two videos and put them together into a playlist.
		Then I realized I forgot to say it again.
		[Facebook https://www.facebook.com/nishiohirokazu/posts/10219414338885703]
	I don't trust UNDO.
		It would be better to put the project files on Dropbox or something and have them automatically backed up.
	Disk space is tight
		I checked [Disk Inventory X] and found a huge file in an unexpected place.
	I used to use a lot of shortcuts to cut with Cmd+K, but now I can only cut one track when there are multiple tracks.
		Started editing two videos on top of each other in a game commentary video and got into trouble.
		I also had video and audio that would cut out on one side, but I could "link" them together.
		I'm more likely to cut everything together in the first place.
		Cmd+Shift+K "Add edit point to all tracks" replaced with Cmd+K
	Ripple trimming of previous edit point to playback head" Convenient
		In short, "delete and pack up here."
		You can use one key to fill in the blanks that you don't need in your speech.
	Dragging the edge with the selection tool "trims" it
		Intuitive in the direction of contraction, but "what was gone is back" in the direction of extension.
		Ripple, rolling, rate adjustment
	live game playing
		When recording with Win+G in Windows, the microphone should be muted.
			Game volume is too loud and audio is difficult to hear
			I wish there was a setting that would record it on a separate channel.
			Peak normalization -10db due to loud sound on screen recording side
		About compositing facial images (mixed opinions)
  	If the face image is subsequenced first, audio peaks are not visible.
  		Is there a setting to display it? I can't find it.
  		I think it should be done with a regular clip.
  		Bundle and replace in sub-sequences after editing is complete.
  			To finish the mask editing in one session
  	Overlaying a face image with a mask results in a heavy preview.
  		Because it would require synthesis.
  		Just finish editing the audio and the ticker.
  	When overlaying a face image with a circle mask, it is difficult to apply a common mask and scale after cutting, so it should be done first
  		In the meantime, you can create and apply a sub-sequence
			based on the above
				First, track separation of video and audio
				Masking the video images together after grouping them into sub-sequences (A)
				Can you link (a) and audio?
				Hide (A) by track
				Horizontal movement to match the screen recording video
					Find the voice that is unintentionally mouthing something like "Oh," and adjust it so that you don't feel out of sync with the screen.

	Put [channel registration button position] 350, 325 with font size 100 and you are good to go.

	Put keywords that you want to be found in searches in the description.
		No hits when I put it in the tags.
		Considering that searches are done by voice input, enter "Nishio Games" instead of "NishioGames".
 	How it's done these days
   1: Write a good description in the description section of the video.
   2: Reprint it on Facebook
   3: Post it on Twitter and cut it short because it's over the word count.