The goodness of means is influenced by the current situation and objectives
[https://gyazo.com/cba7158a8c24a8a2bfa99f0e6576db0a]
https://www.facebook.com/nishiohirokazu/posts/10219464539860696

Good or bad [means] are influenced by [status quo] and [purpose].
	Related: [Gap between ideal and reality].
	[The problem is the gap between what it should be and what it is.]

Many people have experienced the following two
	A because the teacher said A."
	We'll give each other our opinions, and then we'll all decide which one we want."

However, "each person's situation" is different when it comes to disaster preparedness
	Based on each situation, each must decide what "action" to take.
		You are the one who makes the decisions.
 	Exchange of knowledge is useful, but not a consensus on actions to be taken.
 	Different from the above two patterns of decision-making process
	That is, "function f that takes a situation as an argument and returns an action."
	Communication leading to improvement in this function would be beneficial.

If you are unfamiliar with this type of decision-making process, you will try to follow the second type of process, in which there is one right answer and you have to choose the one that best fits your wisdom.

Add to this today's "anyone can transmit information via social networking services" and "the incentive that one can attract more attention by opposing the majority opinion," and you have a flood of "A is good" and "A is not good" opinions on social networking services, which accelerates confusion.
	I thought that this is the composition of people who would be bothered by posts on social networking sites saying, "You shouldn't put curing tape on window panes! I thought that this is the composition of people who are worried about "Which is it after all?

These phenomena are familiar to programmers. "Is language X better or language Y better?" or "Is library A better or library B better?" or "Is implementation policy C better or D better?"
	The choice of means is influenced by the current situation and what one wants to do with it, so a discussion of "good or bad" that ignores this is futile.
	When people are anxious, they want to be given the right answer.
	This kind of phenomenon has often been observed among novice programmers who are unsure and insecure in their choice of technical methods, but with an unprecedented disaster looming, the number of "insecure people" increased at once, and so it occurred among the general public.

Related:.
	It seems to be related to the idea that simply copying the successful methods of other companies will not work, because the current situation of other companies and your company are different to begin with.
		[copying the answer is futile].
