Nodal Point of Thought2019-11-01
[Twitter https://twitter.com/nishio/status/1190159733103063040]

	One of the reasons for the psychological resistance to moving from DM to RANDOM may be the public/private feeling that "RANDOM is a place for company-wide sharing, and it is not good to pollute it with private matters" or "It may be annoying if notifications fly.
		Context: https://slideshare.net/TokorotenNakayama/eof2019

	A system to alleviate this is to "provide everyone with a channel (place to write) associated with an individual." In this way, the psychological hurdle is lower than writing in a public place, since it is a place that is associated with an individual and where the individual is allowed to write freely in advance. On the other hand, it can be subject to search and mentioned in links.

	If there is a system that allows notification to be turned on or off based on the receiver's feeling of whether they want to see the notification or not, there is no need to be afraid that unnecessary notifications will be sent. Notifications will only be sent to those who want to receive them, and it is the responsibility of the receiver, not the sender, to make the appropriate settings.

	The limit for having only one RANDOM as a chat room is the number of people who can have the feeling that "we all talked together" when we all gather at a year-end party, etc. Beyond that, speaking up becomes closer to "presenting in front of everyone" rather than "talking to people". It's natural that some people find the latter difficult or scary.
		Each person is unique in what he or she perceives as "presenting in front of everyone" and how anxious or nervous he or she feels.

	It would be a streak to make a statement to someone who is feeling insecure, attributing the insecurity to the individual's inability to do so.
		Since ability is not absolute, but only a "match to the current environment". We must consider helping the person adapt to the current environment.
		There must be many other ways to alleviate the discrepancy through mechanisms such as "providing a place for output tied to each individual," and attributing the problem to the individual prevents such a solution.
		Of course, the mechanism cannot solve 100% of the problem, and individual responsibility is not 0%, but "correct recognition of the current situation" does not equal "correct approach to solving the problem".

	Incidentally, "People," which is a standard feature of Cybozu's kintone, is a "place for sending out information connected to individuals," where "recipients can choose whether or not to receive notifications," and where "searches and links can be used to refer to people," which I think is very good for encouraging individuals to send out information, but it is not possible to show the whole thing to people outside the company. It is difficult to communicate because it is not possible to show it in its entirety to people outside the company.

	When we were talking about this internally, the concept of "[access rights and notification are two different things]" was born and made sense to me. Everyone should have access rights to information that does not need to be hidden, but everyone should not be notified of information that does not need to be urgently notified. The problem is that the design of the service does not separate access rights from notification.
		Few people need to know speedily that "it has been updated" for all of their company's public information. However, a poorly designed service will promptly send out notifications when information that can be seen is updated. And the notifications flood the system.

[Attributing personal insecurity to personal incapacity is a misdirection].
