We need the power to believe and the power not to believe.
The Power of Disbelief: The
　Don't believe that society is rationally designed.
　Don't expect to find a description in the manual.
　Don't assume that the explanations in the manual are correct.
The Power of Belief: The Power of Belief
　You can always believe that there is a solution to a problem that a large number of ordinary people have solved.
　You can trust that the solution must be somewhere that can be reached without advanced thinking.

2019-11-10
Experience [Mercari] for yourself!
Me: I was not aware that Raku-Raku Mercari-bin and Yu Yu Mercari-bin are different things.
Wife: My husband trusts too much that the world's system design is organized. He assumes it is rational and that it should be rational. But the real world is not. You need [the power to believe] and [the power not to believe].
Me: You need to dig a little deeper than that. [Don't assume that society is rationally designed], but don't believe in power?
Wife: Don't assume that they are properly manualed or checked to work properly. It's human beings who make them, so there will be mistakes.
Me: The power of belief, on the other hand, is the assumption that if no one can do it, it must be more complicated, so there must be a solution?
Wife: And the assumption is that it should be something that can be arrived at with some kind of straightforwardness, and not "a type of solution that can only be arrived at with the use of advanced brainpower".

2021-08-03
Image that came to my mind when I read it back
[https://gyazo.com/26dcd57be7577992abeee40c4d2cfc46]
A: There are two kinds of places in the world: "where the grass grows thick" and "where the grass has been trampled on by many people.
B: Many people follow the directions on the sign, but when they get to the grassy knoll, they think, "This must not be the way to go," or "The sign must have been wrong.
　Not believing that "the signs are right."
　Believe that "where there is less grass, there must be a goal."
C: I would trust the signs and go straight ahead even if the grass is bowed down, and climb up to the oka or rocky hill.
　Maybe it's not so much that you believe so strongly in the sign, but that you're not very good at changing your mindset to "there must be a goal where there's no grass."
　Because in research, there is no answer in "a place that has been trampled over and there is no grass," and the answer is found when you believe in yourself and keep going straight through the grass, right? [metaphor for going straight through a wasteland].
　So when you're trying to do what the majority public is doing, what you need is to act like the majority, not a research mental model.

relevance
　[You can't be strong if you run away from difficulties.]
　　I guess this is another phenomenon where people see the grass is greener and think, "There must be an answer where the grass isn't greener.
