Smart people can explain things clearly.
[https://gyazo.com/fad712916bfd3911830c30fed78a3511]

	The discourse that "smart people can explain things clearly" is ambiguous as to the meaning of "smart."
	Someone who "knows a lot about a concept" can explain it in terms of smaller steps on a staircase.
		It's called [expletive deleted].
	Smaller steps are less likely to be tripped over.

	But the size of the steps is inversely proportional to the number of steps it takes to reach the destination.
		The more detailed the explanation, the more time it takes.

	A person who "knows a lot about a concept," A, often overlooks
 [https://gyazo.com/91e4a15f0c4d5fe24a6734237f5abddf]
	Mr. A tends to think that if the steps are small enough, anyone can climb up
		Because I was able to climb up, I tend to assume that others will too
		But many don't have the patience to go that far.
	A' noticed this and tended to remark, "If you don't have the patience, it's impossible to climb up."


	This 'A' also overlooked something else.
 [https://gyazo.com/b5712eb89a3071716e48299889304d12]
	Mr. 'A' assumes that "what Mr. B wants to get is flag X".
		So you can't get it by climbing four steps, it's impossible, think about it.
		But would that be right?
	If Mr. B, who doesn't know much about X, says "I want X," he doesn't mean it literally.
		There is a wide range of what Mr. B really wants and desires.
		The optimal goal will vary with the time cost that Mr. B can give within that range.
		B', who went for Y, was able to reach a "satisfactory result" in the same amount of time as B
	To teach correctly, we need to know what and how much Mr. B wants and how much time he can spend.


	There's some oversight on Mr. B's part.
		In many cases, Mr. A is not willing to devote a lot of time and optimal teaching for individual B
			To maximize Mr. B's profit, it is best for Mr. A to learn more about Mr. B and offer him a path to Y
			I wouldn't do something that time-consuming unless I had a good relationship with them.
		Unlike in school, where the relationship is "teacher-student," in a relationship between adults, Mr. B must first be perceived by Mr. A as "worth his time to teach.