Regroup2019
[Regroup201907 demo video].
[manual http://nishio-s3.s3-website-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/#/manual]: not working anymore

---

Learning at [Regroup] in 2019
	Forcing the entry of a front sticky when grouping is not a good idea.
	Difficult to design UI to match that height when the keyboard is out on the phone.

---

Written on 2019-04-28 by [Regroup]:.

Code name for the development of tools to improve intellectual productivity

Q: What ideals do you hope to achieve by creating ReGroup?
	Strengthening one's intelligence
	2018 note: [ReGroup2018] called it a KJ method support tool, which is not appropriate.
		Because I am not interested in following the original KJ method procedure.

Q: What exactly do you mean by "strengthening one's intelligence"?
	The KJ method has been very instrumental in strengthening my intelligence.
		The effect of "disappearing" by writing out
		Increase in working memory capacity by expanding
		Compression and chunking effects of bundling with faceplates
	On the other hand, overworking them to the limit has revealed some problems.
		We can go further by creating tools to overcome this.

Problem 1: High cost of preparing sticky notes
	status quo
		Handwritten on paper sticky note
		Slides printed and cut at 25up.
	ideal
		Digital data should be reusable.
		Writing out against a paper sticky note would not be so convenient if it were digitized, but the fact that it is paper makes it difficult to reuse it.
	I want to reuse something I've made before.
		What ever you make = not limited to sticky notes.
			Rather, there is a greater need for slides.
	solution
		import
			My output
				Slide PDF
				Scrapbox
				Past Writings
			I want to swallow other people's output too.
				Other people's Scrapbox
				Book PDFs are also imported in a messy way just by putting them in.
				Making leverage memos is even better.
					Merging with [incremental reading
		Discovery support from imported
			search (e.g. for someone using a search engine)
			sweet potato search
			Similar Suggestions
				Depends on the proximity of the KJ method.
					KJ method is 2D vector annotation
				I can get information on whether you used the suggestions on the map or not.
					Active learning cycle goes around
[https://gyazo.com/f08a9118d164918719868f19db422e08]

Problem 2: Poor list ability.
	Limitations of desk space
		Physical stickies cannot be scaled
		Cannot occupy a desk indefinitely.
		Cannot carry a desk
		Preparation and cleanup costs
		[Metaphor for shifting viewpoints].
	Cost of sorting
		Just physically lining them up eats up a lot of time.
		Not easy to try "different orderings."
		Bound to a certain order.
		Digitize it and you can switch in an instant.
		Can be presented incrementally.
			[Suggested additions to make a nameplate when the sticky notes are enormous].

Problem 3: Poor access to physical "bundles"
	High cost of physical manipulation of "bundling" and "opening bundles."
		It's beneficial, but the cost is too high to do it.
	Bundling" is essential to transcending cognitive limits.
		Benefits of "compression
	Digital folding required

[https://gyazo.com/f850c750fc72a07edfa85dccd7ec4dc4]


confluence (of rivers)
	Can you join the leverage memo review system?
		Leverage memo is a sticky note
		Keep a link to the citation
	Can you join the motivation checklist?
		A bunch of questions to convert tasks into "motivational units"
	Can you join with clean chatbot?
		A System of Inquiry."
	Can you join up with the speed leader?
		Each page of the book is a sticky note

[Sticky note is immutable]
