Flow to stock conversion (raw)
2020-01-31

Write down the conversion from flow to stock while you drink your coffee.
First, the concepts of flow and stock are vague.
It's a word that evokes the idea of flowing, pooling.
But even in Slack, where chats flow, logs are accumulated and subject to search,
Even on a wiki, which is supposed to be a place to store information, pages that are written and not maintained and not referenced are no different than pages that drift away.
So I don't think this cutoff is very appropriate.
I'm interested in detailed output and assembling it later as a means of increasing personal intellectual productivity.
This "small one" and "later assembled one" are close compositions
Smaller ones, imagine one line of chat posts, one tweet, etc.
Writing multi-paragraph sentences on groupware is not part of the "little ones" for me.
I understand that when multiple people are communicating in real time in a chat room, it tends to be a list of small things, and there is a need to assemble it into a document that can be referred to later.
As for my "small stuff", the only requirement is that the size of the output is small, whether it's interacting with others or not.
For example, if you keep a one-line diary, it is a "small one"

I just thought, I can't scroll up to look at this while I'm writing.

If you are trying to communicate with others to make something "small," it is tricky when they speak in long sentences
Uh, at least it's tricky with tools that flow one-dimensionally.
It is tempting to refer to multiple parts of an opponent's statement, but there is no way to point to a specific location in the sentence.
Permalinks may be per post or per line.
Different individuals often use the same word with different meanings
The implicit assumption that word X would mean Y is often rejected
Creating a large text with insufficient sharing is like building a tower with bricks that have not been solidified.
What does that "stock" look like? The question must be asked
My "stock" is a combination of small outputs that have been combined and enlarged after the fact.
What is its "combination"?
Not everything is good, for example, just putting them in chronological order is a "big combination", but I am looking for a better "way to combine".
Chronological summary is a "better than nothing" summary
How they should be combined is influenced by what they are combined for.
think in concrete terms
Let's say you ask some technical questions, have an exchange, and the problem is solved. If you put this together, the goal is to find someone who has encountered a similar problem and to solve that person's problem without having to discuss it again.
For library documentation, there should first be a "tutorial" that helps new readers learn what they need to know, followed by explanations of various common needs, and then an API reference organized in a hierarchical manner so that readers can find what they need to know when they want to know more.
Creating red links in Scrapbox is a preparation in the hope that they will be connected to other things in the future and create value.
Preparing to create value, huh?
Preparations to create value for customers and users can only be made after customers and users are clearly identified.
So, at first it will be "preparing for my future reuse."
I take time to think about a topic because it is a topic that I find valuable, and the output of my thinking is important for deepening my thinking on the topic.
When you look back over time, you'll be arguing with your past self.
Sometimes your future self disagrees with an opinion you thought you had at a certain time.
If you don't record it, you won't know when your opinion has changed.
Recording and noticing differences provides an opportunity for synthesis
You'll be thinking from multiple perspectives.
My frustration with the current public Scrapbox is that I can't write anything that can't be published there.
Everything should go into the same place and connect with each other.
Book excerpts, discussions on private groupware, etc.
Everything should be connected.
What is "connected"?
The ability to relate after-the-fact items that were written out at different times or from different sources.
Human memory is too poor to retain all objects as associations
So, we leave retention to electronic systems (and paper).
You never know in advance what to combine with what.
So you discover the combination after the fact and gradually grow it into a larger system!
Why it's good to grow up
Because even if you don't have to "discover connections" again, you can do something more efficient by following the connections you've discovered in the past.
What efficiency?
Exploration?
Discovering new connections?
Ideas are new connections of existing ones
Distant connections are more likely to produce beneficial results.
In other words, increase the probability that useful ideas will be generated.
Become the mother womb of ideas
How do we go from having some large text on the groupware to the preferred state?
We need a mechanism to chew big things into small pieces once they are big.
Whether it's done by a human or a machine is beside the point.
What exactly does it mean to bite off more than you can chew?
It doesn't look like you can just carve it into sentence units.
We need to nuke out a chunk of meaning.
There are masses that live long and masses that die quickly.
We need to create small chunks of long-lived
The whole "fair and square" thing is established as a long-lived little blob.
We'll only know this after the fact, too.
After you cut it out, you'll know in the test of time.
As a result, only the long-lived ones remain.
So, should the chunks be reviewed again in time, and should there be a cycle so that what was left of value in that review becomes subject to another review in time?
An experiment in writing down
