Change handling of mouse events
from [Kanban in Regroup].
Change handling of mouse events
 Handling of mouse events, not utilizing TS types.
 	If target is null, it's not known that the process is done first, and a null check request is required.
 	Like thinking that TARGET is all kinds when it's obvious that it's a group.
 	This situation is not getting the type of support I'm getting myself.
 	Combine state and necessary variables and protect them with types
 There is a "state" and the state transitions according to "events".
 	Explicitly capture the handling of mouse events as a state transition diagram
 	I guess I'm confused because I don't have a name for the condition right now.
 	The function called depends on what tool is currently selected
 	The current mouse-related code is first divided by tool.
 	The lasso has two states, one in which it's trying to enclose a new enclosure and the other in which it's moving the enclosure.
 	I'd have to look at the code on mouse down and see if you're setting the handler there.
 	That's when you mouse down the blank.
 	This is hard to understand "what is called for at what time".
 	No. If a handler is specified, the code calls that one.
 	I have a value called drag start type for mouse down situations, but position updates on drag are generally common code.
 	They're diverging on whether it's a stylus or not.
 	They're diverging on whether it's multi-touch or not.
 	I'm doing a hit test on the mouse down position.
 	They're diverging on whether or not you're pressing shift when you don't have a hit item.
 	Groups diverge on whether it's open or not.
 	Separate processing by drag start type at the drag end
 	Ideal setting, often overlooking the details of reality.
 	Can you organize the current chaotic code?
 	The use of enum was a streak of evil.
 	But in reality, there is a common process across tools.
 	Unleash event handlers implemented in the form of tool object methods as module-scoped functions
 	But that doesn't fit the need.
 	Maybe some changes are needed in the handling of mouse events?
 	I may still need to change the handling of mouse events in this area.

[pRegroup-done-2020]
