Use of another person's work in an online class
	Can be used if properly "quoted" ([Article 32 + Article 48 of the Copyright Act])
		This is easy to use and should cover most use cases
	A learner must be present on site to use Article 35.

[Facebook https://www.facebook.com/groups/146940180042907/permalink/147854919951433/]
>When "publicly transmitting" another person's copyrighted work in an online class, it is possible to "use" the work by properly "quoting" (Article 32) + "indicating the source" (Article 48) (although this is outside the scope of Article 35 of the Copyright Act). Researchers often cite other people's papers and other works when writing articles. If you "cite" in your teaching in the same way, and if you "clearly indicate the source" by adding a note or providing a link to the source of the citation, you are allowed to use the material within the scope of Article 32. On the other hand, using a work in a manner that does not constitute quotation (e.g., showing the entire video material online) is, of course, not allowed.

>In the case of teaching a class to students in front of you in a classroom, etc., while simultaneously broadcasting the class online to students taking the class at a remote location, it goes without saying that you can publicly transmit the work to the extent possible under Article 35(2) (and Article 35(3) after the amendment).
	[Copyright Law, Article 35]
	The clause here includes the requirement that "the student must be present on site".

	Q: Can't the video be in parts as well as in full length?
	> A: It must qualify as a "citation". Specifically, there must be a subject-object relationship. If you need to refer to another work in discussing the content of the lesson, it is necessary to "use" that work, and it is essential that it is "subordinate" to the lesson in terms of quantity and quality. The quotation must be clearly distinguishable, and the source must be clearly indicated.
 > Q: I've been racking my brains because the texts are films and commercials for a class in representational culture theory and video analysis. Since it is an analysis, the subject matter is clear.
 > A: It is OK if you cut out and use the parts necessary for analysis and mention it as a subject of academic research.
