ONI MOD
	Falling Sand
	　Collapsed sand is also subject to excavation.
	Build Over Plants
	　Can direct construction where plants are growing, plants are pulled out.
	Bigger Capacity
	　Capacity adjustment of hangars, etc.
	　Materials to build the hangar will soon be plentiful.
	　I'd rather solve this problem with a mod than with a bunch of side-by-side solutions.
	Aquatic Farm
	　Farm tile that absorbs ambient water
	　Not much use for it now.
	　Cultivated in temperature-controlled ponds
	GasOverlay
	　easy to see
	Blueprints
	　Construction instructions can be copied and pasted when you want to build another one of what you have constructed.
	　Can be named, saved and reused.
	DGSM - Duplicants Generation Settings Manager // by @Ony 👾
	　Can interfere with initial duplicant and print pod behavior
	Favorite Resources // by @Ony 👾
	　Improved resource display
	Self-sealing Airlocks
	　It's also airtight when the airlock is open.
	　Airtight release when open
	　Liquid airlock is troublesome.
	Bigger Camera Zoom Out
	　Zoom in all the way
	Longer Bridges
	　Long bridge across two pipes
	Buildable AETN
	　Anti-entropy device can be built.
	Travel tube crossing wall and ladder
	　Tubes can intersect with ladders
	No Drop // by @Ony 👾
	　Don't drop things.
	ChainedDeconstruction
	　Dismantle contiguous items together.
	Bigger Building Menu
	　Make menus larger to reduce scrolling
	Speed Control
	　I always play it 10x faster.
	Half Door
	　1 square door
	Deconstructable POI Props
	　Demolish ruins and stuff.
	　demon who obstructs sentient beings from maintaining moral behaviour
	Fluid Shipping
	　Equipment that allows liquid tanks to be carried and then placed directly into pipes
	Smart Mop // by @Ony 👾
	　Cumbersome to select a range of mopping.
	　Mop up a continuous stream of liquids with a single click
	Advanced Electrolyzer
	　Hydrogen and oxygen enter the pipe separately.
	　A mechanism for separation without filters can now be made in Sola, and it's a pain to make.
	　　[/OxygenNotIncluded/SPOM]
	　PH2O can be converted to PO2, which can also replace the evaporator.
	Buildable Natural Tile
	　Can install soil blocks, etc.
	　Baking argae is a hassle.
	　The same amount of resources are required, so the resources cannot be increased.
	Butcher & Fishing Stations
	　Equipment to turn surplus organisms into meat
	Double Sweeper Range
	　Extend the scope and increase the room for automation
	Compact Info Cards
	　Display Improvement
	Efficient Supply
	　I wonder what it's called.
	Crack Reacher
	　Extend the scope of construction, etc.
	Cooling Element
	　Not tried yet, a device that uses electricity to cool (thermal destruction)
	　We can now do active cooling with boilers, and we've built a number of them, and it's getting tedious.
	Pliers
	　I can chop the pipe.
	　Pipes can be disconnected immediately instead of waiting for a dismantling instruction.
	Black Hole Garbage Disposal
	　Throw away things you don't need (and don't use yet)
	　If they start doing natural gas distillation or something and make sulfur or something that has zero use, I'd be tempted to dump it.
	　If I dump the regolith, will the machine run lighter?
	　The solution for infinite liquid tanks is airlock doors and airflow tiles, while infinite gas tanks are saunas.
	　Infinite gas tanks have a well-known solution of liquid to vent, but it's a hassle, so I only use saunas these days.
	Piped output
	　Recently added
	　Convert all environmental emission type facilities to pipe output type
	　　It is upwardly compatible with Advanced Electrolyzer.
	　Sealing the equipment and pumping it will solve the problem, when that hassle is too much.
	Thermal Isolation Door
	　Doors to be insulated
	　If you stack three doors on top of each other and only raise the middle one, you can insulate it by creating a vacuum, but when that's too much trouble.
	Advanced Generators 2
		A generator that generates electricity by absorbing ambient heat.
		Operating temperatures range from 10 to 55 degrees Celsius, so it is not a replacement for boilers
		Good for compactly cooling a living area.
		If you have a type of farm where 10 degrees Celsius is the optimum temperature, it is easy to maintain the optimum temperature just by placing this on the farm.
	Simpler Pip Plant Rule
	　Simplify Pip's seeding rules.
	　Leave it alone and plant it just fine.
	　It's a pain in the ass to control if you try hard enough with a ladder or something.
	Power Tweaks
	　Power-related balancing
	　I don't think I need this one anymore.
	Claustrophobia - Stuck Duplicant Alert
	　Alerts you when you're trapped.
	　Avoiding Unexpected Death

What I want now
I want a device that has all the SCPS PowerGrid distribution equipment in one piece, it's a pain to make every time.

In retrospect, the "trial-and-error stage of figuring out how to do something" is fun, but once it stabilizes, I find myself saying, "I hate doing work that I know how to do.
