Copyright Act, Article 35.
>The revised [Copyright Law], which came into effect on January 1, 2004, expanded the restrictions on copyright under Article 35 (reproduction in schools and other educational institutions), allowing reproduction by learners and public transmission to classes at remote locations without the permission of the copyright holder or other parties.
http://www.jbpa.or.jp/pdf/guideline/act_article35_guideline.pdf

>Article 35 Persons in charge of education in schools and other educational institutions (excluding those established for profit-making purposes) and persons taking classes at such institutions may reproduce published works to the extent deemed necessary for the purpose of using them in the course of their classes. Article 35. Persons in charge of education and persons taking classes at schools and other educational institutions (excluding those established for profit-making purposes) may reproduce a published work to the extent deemed necessary for the purpose of using the work in the course of such classes. However, this shall not apply where the reproduction would unreasonably prejudice the interests of the copyright holder in light of the type and use of the work and the number and manner of its reproduction.
> 2 With respect to a work that has been made publicly available, in the case where the work is used by offering or presenting the original or a reproduction of the work to persons directly attending classes at an educational institution under the preceding paragraph, or by staging, performing, showing, or dictating the work pursuant to Article 38, paragraph (1) (2) In the case where a work is used by offering or presenting the work or by performing, performing, showing or dictating the work pursuant to the provisions of Article 38 paragraph (1), public transmission (including making transmittable in the case of automatic public transmission) may be made to persons receiving said classes simultaneously at places other than where said classes are held.  However, this shall not apply in cases where the interests of the copyright holder would be unjustly impaired in light of the type and intended use of said work and the manner of said public transmission.

"When the class is ~used~ to those who directly attend the class, public transmission~ may be made to those who attend the class at the same time at a place other than the place where the class is held."

I won't write about the amended law at this time because it is scheduled to be amended but not yet enforced.
