Advantages and Limitations of Distance Learning
[Distance Learning]
Impressions of students who participated in seven undergraduate lectures that proceeded at a pace of twice a week; author is an associate professor of economics at the University of Tokyo
https://twitter.com/koji_hist/status/1254647856339681281?s=21

	Zero commute time, no travel time on campus.
	Writing on slides is easier to see than seeing it written on a board in a classroom
	Physically easy to listen to faculty
		It's like talking face to face, not across the board.
	The bar for asking questions has been lowered considerably.
		Chat and unmute functions
	Classes that make recordings available to the public
		You can go back to the class video to review what you didn't understand when you solved the problem.
		Listen at a higher playback speed to shorten the time.
	It's hard to concentrate much when there are other people around.
		You don't have to worry about people's eyes. I can go to class in a state in which I am most comfortable listening.

downside
	Difficulty in maintaining concentration
	Difficult to turn on and off between classes and private life.
	I can't see my friends in person, so I have trouble sharing information.

Characteristics of students taking classes
	The university has a large number of students who are "in the habit of studying on their own."
	Given the financial resources of Todai students (and their parents), few students would have trouble accessing remote classes and reviewing videos. https://twitter.com/Koji_hist/status/1254647856339681281


In a future where face-to-face lectures are restored, 3 "face-to-face" and 4 "online" periods on the same day would mean commuting to school.
If you did a survey in the first or second class, you'd get completely different results.

The following instructions are given on a slide to students waiting at the start of class
 Please connect the power cord and close other programs not related to the class to improve the audio.
 While waiting, please download the following
	This teleclass will be done with a trial and error mindset.
	Think of the class as a set of lessons up to the review. If you didn't hear something, check it on the recording.
	If you have suggestions for improvement, please focus on ACTION and not on people and make constructive recommendations.