Conversation Log 2020-06-05 Stickied
An experiment in organizing [conversation log 2020-06-05] by chopping it up into little sticky notes from the head.
Final form: (1)
[https://gyazo.com/8a3b741b4284ceb61b123f39f0e19be8]

I've implemented the ability to split long sentences for Regroup, and I think this would be beneficial to work with this chat system so we can talk and get our heads together.
Regroup
Implemented the ability to split long sentences
Beneficial for integration with chat systems
Talk to me.
I need to get my head straight.

I have a feeling that there might be a connection between the function of long division and the chat system's function of verbalization, but I haven't yet put into words what it is, and to put it into words
Long division function
Chat System Linguization Capabilities
something
I have a feeling there might be a connection.
what it is
not yet (with negative verb)
I haven't been able to put it into words.
Words.

Ah, I see, in that sense, the chat system comes first, and the answers elicited by the chat system questions are engraved in long division.
meaning
chat system
first and foremost
Answers elicited by chat system questions
Engraved in long division

[https://gyazo.com/3d72406a00d7ca097364aeb8b400c9b1]
[https://gyazo.com/7cc68337d5a375abacec6c8bfe60796d]


Hmmm, a chat system that is not for fun but for serious business benefit.
Not for fun.
earnest
Chat system with business benefit

It would be nice if we could generate some economic benefit.
Good to generate economic benefits.

If the customer generates a profit, he or she will receive some of that profit as compensation, which will accelerate development.
client
Profits accrue
How much of the profit
I can receive it in exchange for a price.
Accelerated development

Hmmm, harsh. There's no way of knowing for sure. If you have a paid plan for your customers' continued use and they continue to use it, you can assume that they are generating enough profit to keep paying.
strict
if I remember correctly
have no way of knowing
Customer retention
Paid plans available
If you continue to use it.
Profit sufficient to continue to pay
I can only assume they are born to clients.

I initially envisioned monetary gain, but the concept is broader and includes customer satisfaction, intellectual enjoyment, etc.
pecuniary gain
At first I imagined it.
Wider
Customer Satisfaction
Concepts that include intellectual enjoyment, etc.

I don't know, customer's hand?
I don't know.
In the hands of the customer?

I know this is turning into something about customers and profits, but I'm not planning a commercial plan just yet, so it's just me and a limited number of beta testers for the time being. Also, I want to get back to the long division story I wanted to delve into.
Something about customers and profits.
at present
not yet (with negative verb)
No commercial plans planned.
for the time being
Me and a limited number of beta testers.
after
I want to get back to the long division I wanted to delve into.

[https://gyazo.com/1ff4ac80e1bb5cdc304c4c9dd1a3b5ee]
[https://gyazo.com/ded791ecf9b01a55eb0765b22d01508d]


Here's the question - I don't think you've done enough digging about long division.... I'm here because I see the value in the long division feature, and I'm here to dig into it...
these last (followed by a duration noun and a past sentence: time period before the present time of the speaker)
interrogation
I don't think you've done enough digging on the long division.
Long division function
You feel it's worth it.
I'm here to dig in.

Right now it's just a long sentence because it's in the form of a chat, but it would be nice if this could be broken up and placed on the screen as a sticky note.
this
Chat Forms
Just a long sentence.
Split.
It's a sticky note.
Good to be placed on the screen.

(It's harder to use on a phone, though.)
It's harder to use on a smartphone.

Feedback from the chat system is now only in the form of a string of questions, but if it is broken up into long sentences and placed on the screen as stickies, humans can move them around to clear their minds, and the chat system can highlight the stickies when it calls attention to a particular keyword
Feedback from chat system
this
Only in the form of a string of questions.
Long division.
It's a sticky note.
Placed on screen
human being
Moving.
I can clear my head.
chat system
Draws attention to specific keywords
Stickies can be highlighted.

[https://gyazo.com/6cc0c3a6e33b66e067d5f6463436864c]
[https://gyazo.com/f80e574109bb4687fe34796a91ebc9d9]


(I see, I hadn't thought of this level of coordination yet.)
I see
Collaboration so far
I hadn't thought about it yet.

(I just came up with the idea today to fix this same or different question because it's not a good idea.)
Same or different?
The question is not a good one, so let's fix it.
I thought of that today.

What is the relationship between this chat system and long division?
Relationship between chat systems and long division
What is it like?

There is a separate display system that is not a chat system, and data can flow to it through long division.
There was another display system that wasn't chat.
Through long division
There you go.
I can stream data.

So far the chat system has been like talking verbally with a counselor. After incorporating the collaboration I just came up with, it's like a facilitator or consultant who organizes the discussion using a whiteboard.
Chat systems up to now
Sounds like he's verbally talking to a counselor.
After incorporating the linkage I just came up with.
Use a whiteboard.
It would be like a facilitator or consultant who would organize the discussion.

It's running as a local script now, but it should become a web API.
It's running as a local script now.
Should become a webAPI

This one needs more significant changes. I also doubt that the chatbot form should remain the same.
Needs more substantial changes
I also wonder if it's a good idea to keep it in chatbot form.

Maybe we should incorporate it into the whiteboard system?
Maybe we should incorporate it into the whiteboard system?

On the other hand, in terms of ease of use from a smartphone, the current form is better than a whiteboard.
on the other hand
Ease of use from a smartphone.
the way it is now
Better than a whiteboard

I want to use the chat system by itself, and I also want to use it connected to the whiteboard, so I need a system that is loosely coupled and can switch between the two, and if I want, I need a system that can be connected after the fact.
I want to use the chat system by itself.
I want to use it even when connected to a whiteboard.
sparse
To be combined and switched.
Need a mechanism to connect after the fact

[https://gyazo.com/7b2c969bfc8b3c1cd2618e612f329215]
[https://gyazo.com/fb689fbb0e6ab453ee5271518a39443a]


In most commercial chat systems in the world, the company prepares data in advance, and the company's customers ask questions to the chat system and receive answers. In the current implementation, the data is deleted after one session, but if this data can be stored and shared throughout the company, more interesting things may happen. In other words, this is the business model of groupware.
the world
Commercial Chat Systems
Enterprises' side
data
advance preparation
Corporate Clients
Ask a question to the chat system
Mechanism for getting answers
system
Data Preparation
it is not necessary
chat system
question
data
accumulate after the fact
Current implementation
Erased in one session.
company-internal
You'll be able to accumulate and share all the time.
Even more interesting things could happen.
in other words
Groupware Business Model

Without customers, I would be the only user, and I would develop at a leisurely pace as a hobby. With customers, it becomes more about stability rather than adding new features. Personally, I don't think it's fun, but there are aspects of the project that accelerate when you have a client and payment.
Without clients.
I am the only user
tastes
It will be a leisurely development.
Clients.
than
More than adding new features
Stability will be a priority.
Personally, I don't enjoy it.
With customers.
Payments due.
Aspects of the project accelerate

There is a difference. I dare say that if you look at a chat system as "an intellectual production system that includes people," the customer is a component of the chat system, though.
No, sir.
chat system
An intellectual production system that includes people."
in view of
client
Chat System Components

I hope using it will increase your intellectual productivity.
use (a person, animal, puppet, etc.)
Increased intellectual productivity

Payments accelerate development.
payment
Accelerated development

Trust?
Trust?

It is not. Dare I say that profits are fodder for growing the chat system
not match the correct (answer, etc.)
grace (of God, Buddha, etc.)
Feeding a growing chat system

I want my customers' business to be accelerated and the profits they earn to increase.
Customer business is accelerated.
I want more profit to be gained by customers.

[https://gyazo.com/d2cc78b847d71164a1a386cdd4a95be2]
[https://gyazo.com/708e111b124805b8ec677b402f51294b]
[https://gyazo.com/639be5498e3c17c611e35baf2c847097]

It would be nice if you could provide an example of "this idea was generated using this system" instead of just accelerating it with payment.
Not just accelerate with payment.
This idea
It was created using the system."
It would be good if you could provide examples.

That's positive feedback.
Positive feedback

Positive feedback drives growth.
Positive feedback
Drivers of Growth

No, I dare say it's the acceleration of growth.
not match the correct (answer, etc.)
Acceleration of Growth

You're right, growth is not a must for a chat system. Rather than adding more and more features, there is an option to use resources for longevity rather than growth, for example by refactoring or porting to a different code base.
if I remember correctly
growth
Not essential to the chat system.
Instead of adding more and more features
refactoring
Porting to a different code base
Not growth.
longevity
And the option to use resources.

I'm making it.
I'm making it.

Creating and using a chat system will improve my intellectual productivity.
Create and use a chat system
My intellectual productivity has improved.

In a sense, it's pretty close. I'm going to program the counseling skills I've learned, and then program my consulting skills again, and so on. It's like digitizing a subset of me.
In a way it's pretty close.
Counseling skills I have mastered
program, and also to
this time
My consulting skills
Program.
go away
I'm digitizing my subset.

You are born and grow by me, right?
Born by me
Growing up

I wonder. I don't know, maybe it's the hope that they will grow more and help me.
They'll grow more.
You can help me.
expectation

My intellectual productivity will improve.
My intellectual productivity has improved.

Increased intellectual productivity improves the functionality of the chat system.
Increased intellectual productivity
Improved chat system functionality

It's an intellectual production system that combines a human and a chat system to produce intellectual production.
It's an intellectual production system that combines a human and a chat system to produce intellectual production.

What will be left when the combination of humans and the chat system has come to produce intellectually, and then the system improves the system more and more with its power, and then the system takes over the increasingly weakening of the humans, and then the humans die...
Combination of human and chat system
On top of becoming an intellectual production
power
system
Keep improving.
human being
I'm getting weaker and weaker.
After the system has taken over on its own shoulders.
When a human being dies.
What remains.

Fusion.
fusion

[https://gyazo.com/5b9bd01cdb1308068d37275915ccdaee]
[https://gyazo.com/8a3b741b4284ceb61b123f39f0e19be8]


