Conversation Log 2020-06-07
[nishio.icon]I have a lot of things to organize today, I'm wondering if talking to the bots will help me organize, or if it will generate new ideas that will be even more difficult to converge, or if I can do convergent thinking or only divergent thinking.

[conversation log 2020-06-07-1].
	I should have made a note of what I was going to discuss with you in the first place, the new story is confusing me.
	After all, does this bot diverge rather than converge?

[conversation log 2020-06-07-2].
	And the "[motivation system]" that I created years ago, "Why don't you take a walk?" "Have you tried writing it down? The system suggested next actions like "Why don't you go for a walk?
	While that one has quite a few fans, my side started wondering, "Is it right to motivate them?" I started worrying about whether it was right to motivate them, and development has stopped.
	When I look at the input, I see a significant percentage of people on the verge of depression, and I wonder if services shouldn't exist as if motivation is a good thing.
	In other words, if you have a lot of "things to do" and none of them seem to be things you want to do, you should probably leave that state first, rather than choosing one of them to motivate you.
	Is it better to "help them find things they want to do that motivate them" rather than "motivate them?"
	The "Motivation System" was a prototype that was implemented using only static content and Google Analytics without a server program, but now that the cost of server-side operation has come down, it may be possible to rebuild it with a server side. Like this chat, maybe the UI could be a chat too.
	I still ask questions like, "Can that task be completed in four hours?" I ask questions like, "Can you finish that task in 4 hours?" and make it concrete, similar to the composition of this chat system.
	I was going to discuss about improving this "listening chat system", but a new idea of "Next Action Selection Chat System" was born, and maybe the two could be combined internally and become different modes.
	And the listening chat system only diverges and doesn't converge at all!
	Are you in divergent or convergent thinking mode?

[conversation log 2020-06-07-3].
	The current system, no matter how much you do, does not result in concrete action.
	Because there's no question to make it a concrete action.
	For example, when I pour through this chat log, I need a bunch of questions to turn it into concrete actions.
	TODO
  I'll put this chat log in Scrapbox.
  Create a page to come up with a list of questions
  	[Action concretization questions].
	Let's put this one aside and do the other thing we were going to discuss.

[conversation log 2020-06-07-4].

