Not conspicuous by decoration.
[Scrapbox Philosophy] by [shokai].
　Important parts of the text should not be emphasized with decoration.
　Page titles should be devised and moved to the beginning of the page or paragraph
　　There is an outline editor feature to assist with this.
　No need to work hard on structure within a single page.
　　Cut out the details of the story on a separate page.
　　　Scrapbox has the ability to cut a selection into a new page.
　　A "huge page with many topics on one page" is not reusable and links are not viable.

Related and Discussion
　Much like the principle of "write the paragraph's argument in the opening sentence" in [Paragraph Writing].
　　Write page content at the beginning of the page as well.
　　This way, the cost of reading it back is lower.
	"A huge page with a bunch of topics on one page."
		I sense something akin to "a class that violates the principle of [single responsibility]."
	　It might be better to think of the document as having a "[single topic principle]" as well
	　Page cannot be properly titled because the page contains multiple topics
	　Pages that are not properly titled will not be reused.
　　Documents also have a "well refactored state"

source
https://twitter.com/shokai/status/1295187895767031808?s=21
	>"I'm starting to think that Scrapbox is a good way to organize things (though I'm not familiar with the notation)."
	Scrapbox is basically a list of bulleted items, and when you enclose them in `[` and ` ]`, they become links, and you can create a list of related pages from the link connections.
	It's a misnomer to say that it's not essential.
 	I just think (on my own) that enlarging and decorating text is not the essence of all documents.
 Important points in the text should not be emphasized with decoration, but should be restructured by moving them to the beginning of paragraphs, or by refining the paragraph structure, or by modifying the page title
			So text decoration is not essential.
		For this purpose, there is a function to edit lines and paragraphs like an outline editor, and a function to rewrite links in the text of other pages if the page title is changed.
		I might even select a range and cut it out on a new page to do the details on a separate page.
 No need to work hard to build a structure in a single document.
 	If you start doing that, you'll end up with a huge page with a bunch of topics on one page, which will be less reusable, and the links won't live up to their potential.
 No text decoration is needed in a system where links are the mainstay of the system.
 Everyone thinks their story is more important than someone else's, so in a system with multiple people, when you start highlighting important parts of the story, there's going to be a lot of emphasis.
 	If you have something to claim, shouldn't you write it on a separate page and link to it? I'm sorry.