Nodal Point of Thought 20200825
　What is vigor?
　　Frequency of thinking about doing something new
　It is important to make it up and publish it.
　　[https://gyazo.com/c1d79c6111e510d72573fb5b752a60a2]
　　　[Negative feelings accelerate if not completed].
　　What is completion?
　　　[measure of completion].

　Difficult to maintain energy long term
　　Difficult to change this temperament.
　　We should assume that temperament and move accordingly.
　　[https://gyazo.com/e9a19e9b0aa2a052caa9f10ed645aecd]
　　At work, the list was timed to coincide with personnel evaluations.
　　Should be done in private.
　　　We should look back and make a list periodically, like once a year.

　It's good to know what your [source of excitement] is.
　　The KJ method of "[i]nteresting."

　Writing articles in Scrapbox is fun.
　　Why.
　　Before Scrapbox, I wrote blog posts.
　　Summarizing what you understand is the root of happiness.
　Nishio's point that he is essentially an artist.
　　Interesting point of view
　　If you see yourself as an artist, what kind of artist do you create?
　　　[Intellectual Production Artists]
　　　Intellectual production, especially programming
　　How do you interpret the word "art"?
　　　[leading painter]
　　　[Internal motivation should be prioritized over social evaluation.
　　　[Contemporary Art]
　　Artists to be evaluated posthumously
　　　I'd be amused if a program I created tweeted after my death and got 1,000 RTs.
　　　I'd rather be appreciated by a few smart people than by many.
　　　　[It is evil to please the masses.]
　　　It's good to put quotes in context.
　It seems to me that you don't like the way people evaluate you, "Wow, you got a PhD at 24."
　　I don't actually like it.
　　Do you like research but have little interest in helping others understand what you understand?
　　　And for that matter, you're writing lectures and commentary articles.
　　　The goal is not to "make as many people as possible understand."
　　　　[https://gyazo.com/edb93f56020ddf84909a7aeb4ac49e89]
　　　　If you want to increase the number of people, you should write an article for beginners with no knowledge.
　　　　　A for beginners has a larger target population than B
　　　　　You could write a story about creating AI in Python for people who don't know Python.
　　　　But not much interest in that.
　　　　　[https://gyazo.com/f081b2405df7aaf8e3e422995be6cf54]

Conversations between ADHD
　There are many examples of comfort.
　Why?
　For the sedentary developer, we're hitting the brakes.
　There is a shared belief that it is okay to fully open the gas pedal without hitting the brakes.
　　A type of psychological safety?
　Derailed at high speed.
　　Are you derailing?
　　not at once
　　　Do you just perceive that the sedentary developers are spaced out?
　　Large steps appear to be spaced out compared to my usual topic development step size
　　　Perceive as "connected" if small
　Do you understand every conversation between ADHDers?
　　That's not true.
　　There are many things that fly too fast for me to understand.
　　Don't be afraid to ask questions.
　　　[share what you don't know].
　　　There is a sense of security in not having to worry about being shamed for not knowing.
　　　　This is psychological safety
　I think it's correlated with ADHD, but not causal.
　　[Associative Connections] has a wide range of
　　Wide range of communication steps
　　There is no shame in asking questions when you don't understand.
　　[Art students and Tokyo Tech students]
　　　Assumption that they must be logically connected.
　　　Smaller Steps
　　I have a knack for communication.
　　　Think that even if the other person's story seems to be flying by to you, there must be a connection in their mind, and ask questions to discover that connection.
　　　If both sides share this pattern of behavior, we can take a broad step forward.
　　　[https://gyazo.com/ed6d83ccceb2ca52e9898bb34f31fe7e]

[The difference between worrying and thinking.]
　Some people worry about it but don't think about it.
　What is thinking?
　　Are you trying to create a bond?
　Even if you haven't put it all together yet (i.e., you haven't discovered the bond), you can output it if you have collected the materials for the bond.
　　I can answer a large amount of cluttered data when asked to explain what is bothering me.
　　Some people can't answer, because they haven't thought it through.
　　Write down what's bothering you on a whiteboard, make sticky notes, etc.
　　We go seeking new information in the hope that the new information will combine with what we are currently thinking
　On the other hand, there are cases where people who "don't bother" are just jumping to the conclusion at hand without thinking it through.

The theory that connecting the Zoom to the house will help you get the housework done.
　The theory that housework progresses when it is watched.
　Better than doing only Zoom.
　　Why?
　　　Lower the hurdle of having to be in front of a screen.
　Time is better than ever.
　Is it similar to an environment where people gather in a club room and work on different tasks but can hear each other?
　Pressure to participate in the space
　　What is space?
　　It's hard. Why? →I have to talk, I have to listen.
　　You don't have to speak, but if you do, I can hear you."
　　Less fear of falling silent.
　　Concept of "Mokumoku-kai
　　　Each bring their own work
　　　So you can stay silent.
　　　Never boring.
　　Doujinshi artists connect via Skype and work while talking to each other.
　Theory of low-density human oral conversation
　　Chat is better than Zoom.
　　Do you feel that way because of visual dominance?
　　I want it logged.
　No physical movement required
　　Some people are marginalized by having physical mobility, raising children, etc.
　　　Precious time to talk with adults.
　　It's good to be able to participate while watching your kids at home
　　　Online study groups have the advantage of allowing parents to show their children what they're studying.
　　　On the other hand, you can always visit your child's class.
　　　　A college faculty member who hasn't had the experience of having a parent watch her class said the situation scares her.
　　　　It's good to [break down information asymmetries].

Service Release
　What we can do for a developed future
　What's moving now
　While the connection to the future is explained, it's better to get something that works now out of the way quickly.
　[Regroup] don't try to co-edit, just "hand me the pen."
　[Scrapbox Keyphrase Suggestions]
