Zojirushi Thermal Humidifier
[https://gyazo.com/a581301abb9a682e9fb4d582d8ba79b2]
EE-RQ50

12/8: 
　I ordered it from Yodobashi on the 7th and received it on the 8th.
	The humidity went from 22% to 39% after less than two hours of movement.
	　I forgot to look at what the original temperature was, but now it's 24.5 degrees.
	　As expected of a heated humidifier, it may be warmer without turning on the air conditioner.
	　　Well, but I think today was a relatively warm day, so we'll see what happens on a cold day!
	After running it for 4 hours, I looked inside and was surprised to see that 2/3 of the water was gone.
	　The spec sheet says that the rated humidification capacity is 350 ml/h, which means that 1.4 liters will be lost in 4 hours.
	　It's no wonder that even drying wet towels, inserting cardboard into the water, or sucking it up from a cup and making an ultrasonic mist are no match for humidifying a 1.5-liter bottle at the rate at which it empties. It is now 24.4 degrees Celsius, 43%.
	It's been about 3 hours since I stopped, 23.7 degrees 32%.
 >Kumoru Nakajima: Windows and aluminum sashes that are not double-glazed, steel doors, and walls that are not adequately insulated will almost certainly develop condensation, so please do not neglect measures to prevent it, or it will become a breeding ground for mold within a few seasons. The backs of chests of drawers, shoes in shoe boxes, and the like tend to be blind spots and cause more damage.
	 The windows were fine because of the pair glass, but there was condensation on the sash area. It dried up by noon, but it would not make sense to use it as a substitute for heating. The more steam that is lost, the more water is lost. If I want to heat the room in the morning, I might as well put the air conditioner on a timer. It is not so cold yet, so I will experiment next week.

12/13
 Lately I've been using the weakest of the modes that automatically turn on and off based on humidity.
　It's very warm in my body, I change the floor heating from high to low to medium and take off one piece of clothing.

12/14
 If you leave the humidifier on late at night when the lowest temperature is 2 degrees Celsius, the windows will be covered with condensation at 3:00 a.m. when the outside temperature is 7 degrees Celsius.
 At this time, the indoor temperature is 23°C 38%.
 I stopped, went to bed, and by 10:00 AM it was dry.

[Bought]
