Nodal Point of Thought 2020-12-18
 I went back to the pages we did during [the return training].
 　I added dozens of pages between 10/30 and about 11/2.
 　Tough to find this one.
 　If all the pages had a common tag, you could at least trace them.
 　　I'm not sure if that's a good idea from a Scrapbox perspective.
 　They weren't actually tagged in common.
 　Difficult to find with commonly included keywords.
 　　I think atcoder and others are included, but there are a lot of hits that are not intended.
 　What would you like to have?
 　　For example, an interval query for creation time
 　　　Natural approach since it is known that the page was created around 10/30
 　　For example, if it is possible to list "pages created on the same day" from each page, it would be similar to a "potato search" for photos.
 　　For example, after adding dozens of pages, would you have liked to be able to "select multiple pages and tag them all at once"?
 　　　At least I didn't get in trouble months later for cutting corners after I made it and thought, "I'm going to have to go around tagging all these things."
 　　　On the other hand, I have a feeling that having dozens of pages with common tags might not be a good situation for Scrapbox.
 Proposal to download Scrapbox JSON at hand for rich searching and refactoring
 　You can filter by creation date and time.
　　As a next step in keyphrase extraction experimentation?
　　　For example, it would be interesting to apply key phrase extraction to a set of documents narrowed down by date/time or keyword occurrence.
　Aside from the inability to properly organize and put things away on shelves, it's still not good enough to do even miscellaneous organization, such as "Let's just put everything in this box for now so that when we need it, we can look for it in the box.
　When you want to look back at everything in the box.
　　Putting aside the "don't even try that."
　　It makes me want to take one out of the box and put it in another.
　　Especially for study note-type items, "looking back over time" is a useful task
　　　We need an [Incremental Reading]-like structure.
　Scrapbox JSON upload and use service?
　　Derived from [link suggestion] server?
　Regroup
　 High hurdle problem at the beginning of use
