Examples of Organizing Your Mind through Dialogue
A case in which I was in the process of creating a program to help people organize their minds through dialogue, and I consulted my wife about its design (not the program).
It would be ideal to be able to do something like this with [the Kikidashi chat system], but, well, it's hard to do this much yet.

 I said, "If you had a chatbot that could give you advice, what would you want the first screen to look like?"
 Wife: "I don't understand."
 I said, "If there was a link to a chat system that encourages people to clear their heads by talking to each other when their minds are foggy, and you could use it here, what would you expect to see when you pressed that link?"
 Wife: "There's a face, there's a speech bubble, there's the first message on the bot's side, there's an input box."
 I said, "Yeah, the first time, right, so once you leave that chat, what do you see the next time you come back?"
 Wife: "In past implementations, the bots didn't have memories, so of course it's the same as the first, but with advances in technology, they could have memories."
 I said, "I would like to know how natural it is to design a new experience, not what the past examples are. Should it be a new conversation screen, should it show the previous conversation, or should it show a list of past conversations from which to choose?"
 Wife: "That depends on the intent of the user."
 I "The program is not an esper and cannot change its behavior according to the user's intentions, it must choose one of them and implement it."
 Wife: "Maybe we should start small, no memory."
 I'm trying to make something with memory, and I'm having trouble designing that screen."
 Wife: "When a user visits again, is what they want to do a continuation of a past conversation? Isn't it intended to be a new conversation?"
 I said, "Indeed, it seems that having a new conversation is the most frequent use case. If that is the case, it would be appropriate to have a new conversation start when you open it.

consideration
	In the current implementation, the chat system is asking me questions, but in this conversation, I'm asking the questions. That's the first big difference.
		In this case, I am trying to get a different point of view out of my wife by asking her questions.
		The basic premise is that I think my wife has a better view of the world than I do, and that's why she behaves this way.
		On the other hand, we cannot have such feelings toward bots.
		The structure will be that an empty bot will ask me questions, I will teach the bot, and in the process, awareness will arise on my side.

[Web UI Design]
