Listening chat -> Sticky note division -> Regroup
2021/1/22 Lab Study Session
I'm going to talk about a natural language processing algorithm that carves sentences into sticky notes of up to 20 characters, but I'll start with the big picture

Regroup
 Tools to help you organize your mind
 Organize information in fragments by arranging them in two dimensions and moving them freely
 An electronic version of the method Nishio uses for writing books and preparing lecture materials.
 　Important stickies can be made larger with two clicks.
 You have to gather some fragments before you can feel the effects.
 　You need to be familiar with creating fragments to use them.
 　If you can't use it, you won't have the skills to make fragments.
 　It's a chicken and egg relationship!

Segmented Sticky Note Algorithm
　So I would observe "what Nishio does when he makes stickies" and program it.
　You put in a sentence, and a sticky note comes up."
　　How do you prepare that sentence?
　People in this study group are pretty good at verbalization compared to the average in the world.
　　A lot of people don't write blog posts or anything.
　For those who are not good at verbalization, "preparing sentences" is difficult in the first place.
　　It is difficult to write down the fuzzy, unorganized thoughts in your head, so Regroup's story is to first write them down in fragments, and then rearrange them to create sentences.
　　The chicken and the egg relationship in "Prepare the text first."

Listening Chat System
　The program asks questions to the human and the human answers them.
　Apply keyword extraction to the user's responses, and ask in-depth questions for keywords that seem important.
　I made it before and had it live as a chatbot in Mattermost's unexplored junior chat.
　If I put the logs on Scrapbox from time to time, there were a few people who wanted to use them, but since it's a closed chat, I can't let them use them.
　This time, some features have been removed and ported to the web.

Combine these three elements
　Conversation logs for the listening chat system,
　Sticky note with split sticky note algorithm,
　Import and organize in Regroup

Just completed on Thursday, January 21.
　Good and clear transition between divergent and convergent phases
	　Need a bigger screen to organize
	　Chat can be used on your phone while taking a walk.
　　"I'm going for a walk, chatting and venting."
　　I'll organize it on my PC/iPad when I get home."
　There are still many holes in the split-stickying algorithm.

The Future
　There is a lack of data stored in the chat system, so the keywords extracted during the chat are not being utilized very well.
　The part that uses machine learning and the part that spits out training data for machine learning was removed during this porting -> fix it.
　　Specifically, "Is the user excited about the question?" and "Under what circumstances would the user be excited if I chose which question?"
　Now every time I start a conversation I get amnesia.
　　It would be better if it had a per-user memory.
　　Or "keywords this person uses a lot."
　　Ultimately, it would be nice to be able to interact with stickies on Regroup by utilizing information such as how large they are or how adjacent they are.
　　I won't memorize anything right now, so I'll start with the easy part first.

Algorithms.
　[Assistance in splitting long text into stickies].

---
discussion
	[Mechanical and Craftsmanship Division]
　[Sentence organization process using Regroup].
　　Originally derived from the KJ method, but no longer misleading to call it the KJ method
　　KJ Method "group formation" is clear inside and outside the group
　　This method has no clear group boundaries
　　They don't even do the process of bundling and putting a nameplate on it.
　　The emphasis is on "even if we cannot explicitly verbalize what the relationship is, we can express that it is somehow related by placing them close together.
　Won't I read the spatial arrangement I made six months later and not know what it means? Won't others get the message?
　　It is a temporal part of the writing process and does not need to be conveyed.
	What happens in the chat when this Regroup?"
		[conversation log 20210121#60097864aff09e0000100886]
		It's a bit of an awkward question for Japanese, but it prompted me to notice
		Until you asked me this question, I was imagining only a one-way flow of "ask in chat -> split -> put in Regroup".
		I realized when you asked me that it could be in the opposite direction.
