pKeicho-done-2021-02-05
[pKeicho-done]
pKeicho-done-2021-02-05
 Create a statistics script for logs
 　Script to download logs, only those that are not local.
 　skip: [IGNORE file to exclude from analysis those that are inappropriate as targets].
	[Question naturalness determination], obviously heavy since it follows all word-question pairs.
 　If it can't be the best, we decided to prune the branches before calling the question naturalness determination.
	[Copy at the touch of a button without having to select and copy all when exporting to Scrapbox].
	I want to download data from Firebase.
		→Statistics for the data were created without downloading, downloading is just a cache and should not be done until it is needed.
		I did it because I needed to.
		　Enables statistics and testing with logs
	　　To confirm the results of the algorithm modification of [do not ask questions related to keywords that have not been delved into].
	　　 Take human input from logs and use a new algorithm to examine changes in behavior.
		　Hitting the local cache update script will download all data that has not yet been downloaded locally.
		　Statistics, etc. for the whole can be done locally only.
	　　[✅Replay of past logs with keyword extraction results at that time].
	[Motion Extraction]
 　Extraction of movements (key phrases containing verbs)
 　　Binary classification, active learning to create training data and multilayer perceptron
 　　Play what is inconvenient on a rule basis.

 Server doesn't know when it's at 500.
 	[Indicate if it is taking a long time or if it is an error].
	The places that require a certain number of keywords to be extracted are triggered quickly.
		[Adjustment of state transitions]


　Redesigned so that questions that do not take keywords can calculate scores with environment as an argument

　Modified to not ask relationship questions for keywords that have not been delved into.
　Copy button on Scrapbox export screen
　NG Keyword Judgment
　　I don't have enough data to learn, so I'll play a list of bad words I see.

	[Explicitly tell users when keyphrase extraction speed is slow].
