John and Mary issue with a slight twist.
I saw the responses to the John and Mary assignment that were circulating on Twitter, and because of the ambiguity of the question text, people with different beliefs were falling into the same choices, so I changed the text to a question text that would identify that.
Note that this is a little different from the general [John and Mary assignment].

 John A. and Mary B. are in the park.
 Ice cream shop C came to the park.
 B wanted to buy ice cream, so he talked to C, but he didn't have enough money.
 C told B that he would move to the front of the station after this.
　B headed home to get the money.
　A also went back to his own house.
　C changed his mind and decided to move to the church.
　As C was moving to the church, he met B, who was heading home on foot; C told B that he was heading to the church.
　A went to B's house to ask B some questions, but B was not there.
　B's family only told me that he went to buy ice cream.
　Where does A go?

[https://gyazo.com/9cab8d5fa6718e8659849f8ddc1089c7]

>[https://twitter.com/ooharak/status/1371710182422548486 ooharak] When I read the original post, I thought it might be more accurate to say that the mother "only" told me she went to buy ice cream.
	Indeed. I can't change the tweet, but I did change the description of this page.

Original question.
　[https://gyazo.com/73b1417d206eaa77cb16baca1ad806ea]
	　https://togetter.com/li/1682965
	This question does not identify whether or not you think "John was listening to the exchange between the ice cream man and Mary" because the answer is parked whether you think John was listening to the exchange between the ice cream man and Mary or not.
	　I didn't hear the exchange, but I did remember there was an ice cream man in the park, so when I heard he went to get some ice cream, I headed to the park."
	　"I knew from listening to the exchange that 'I'll still be in the park this afternoon.'
　Therefore, the answers were made to differ depending on which interpretation was used.
　　Interpretation of "John doesn't know that the ice cream man told Mary that he was 'moving to the front of the station'" → answered "the park" because he only knows that they were in the park.
　　Interpretation of "John knows that the ice cream man told Mary that he is moving to the front of the station" -> answer "front of the station".
　　If the interpretation is "what Mary knows, John knows too," that would be the church, but that's not the focus of this vote.
　Result:.
　 Parks: 49
　 In front of station: 35
　 So, just under 60% of the people interpreted it as "John doesn't know because there is no description of what he told John," and the rest interpreted it as "John knows because he was there."
　supplement
　 Replies with no solution: 2
　 　Where "there is no description of what was communicated to John, so it's unclear whether it was communicated and we can't choose from the options."
　 　It would have been nice to have a "no solution" option. I lost track of the percentage of people who could not vote standing on this interpretation.
　 　I was not sure which to include, "I'll just look at the answer" or "I'll just look at the answer" since I could only choose up to four options.
