Before I tell you how to create an idea.
First of all, the "current situation" differs from person to person.
　A: A case where the germ of an idea is there, but you're stepping on it without realizing it.
　B: Cases where buds are found but not grown, saying, "These tiny buds are not good enough.
　C: Cases where you want to grow but don't know how
　D: A case in which the buds are growing properly but when shown to the adults around them, they are crushed, saying, "These little buds are not good enough.

There are two types of people: those who want to create something first, and those who want to solve a problem first.
　The type of person who wants to create something first already has something that he or she wants to create, but because of his or her own misunderstanding or inappropriate advice from adults around him or her, he or she believes that "this is not good enough," so it is necessary to convey the message that he or she needs to nurture and grow it.

　There is a type in which the "problem to be solved" comes first. For example, "My grandfather has trouble reading small letters, so I want to make the letters bigger so he can read them. In such a case, it would be a good idea to gather information on what kind of solutions are available.
　　And if you come up with a hypothesis that "this problem could be solved in this way," it will become a bud. Then, if you repeat the experiment and verify the hypothesis, it will grow.

What the adults around them should do for the type of people who want to make something first is to approve and encourage them, saying that it is OK to do it. What good is it going to do?" or "Don't you think we need to make more proposals to solve social problems? There are adults who make counterproductive statements such as "What's the use of making that?
For these types, the most important resource is the tension of "wanting to do it," and any intervention that causes them to lose that tension will be counterproductive.
For problem-solving types, if the problem is "small but familiar and well observed" and "large but distant and vague," it is easier to work on the former.
[Twitter https://twitter.com/nishio/status/1373354886306299904]

[Unexplored Junior]
