✅I want to ngkw the chain target word while the chain question is occurring.
from [pKeicho]
I want to ngkw the chain target word during 🤔 chain question generation.
	Not possible at this time.
　This is because the chain question was implemented with state transitions
　Just express it in terms of up or down selection probability.

Fix the test case first
　Right now I'm just observing the change in status.

status quo
　If I ask Q1 questions about a particular keyword K, then I want to ask Q2 and Q3 questions about K."
　This was represented by state transitions.
　　When processing the response to Q1, "If the previous question was Q1, transition to S2."
　　Only Q2 in S2.
　　Q2 uses keywords used in the immediately preceding question
　　It was achieved in a tricky way: a question that apparently takes a single keyword, but does not take a keyword in its implementation.
　This would lead to a fixed conversation flow, even if you ng after that flow has started.
　　Even if the target keyword disappears in NGKW, it's still a "question that doesn't take keywords", so it's relentless.
　I want to replace the score variation
　　Q2 increases the score when the immediately preceding question is Q1
　　Change the question to a keyword taking question.
　　　Score increases when keywords match those used in the previous question

done: b4ed166473fee9b4b1ecbc2cb439d7102f5831cb
　I was going to link to GitHub, but the repository was Heroku.

point of concern
　Right now I'm returning a score of 1000, as appropriate.
　When there is a return proposal with a score over 1000, that takes precedence.
　　[Maximum score returned].
　　Sometimes it goes over 1000.
　　→I still couldn't [✅ chain questions not connected].
　When the score reduction by NG is multiplied, the keyword itself is still alive, so it continues with a score of 1000.
　　This is behavior contrary to user expectations.
　　 I decided to use NG pressure just before ✅ to reduce the score.
　　　This looks good because the score is 0 when 100% NG pressure is applied.
