Machine Learning for Long Sticky Note Segmentation
[https://gyazo.com/b94a75c5bb94338cdbccabaa01b0e843]
　With an approach that estimates for each word whether or not to erase it and whether or not to separate it with the right,
　There's an approach to generate a column containing delimited tokens with BERT or something like that.

I was thinking of the former, because I don't want to make it too heavy to run on a server, but this approach would be ruined the moment I try to support rewriting.

Should we try and not avoid the latter with "it might be heavy?"

What should happen to teacher data?
　So far, we've documented sporadic examples of bad or human-induced splits.
　If you want to put it in BERT, maybe a column of delimited token ticks.
　We thought it would be difficult to express rewriting in the current rule-based version, but we can do string substitution in the preprocessing
　Then after that, it's usually engraved on the token.
　Worst case, only rule-based pre-write can be left in the rule base.

2021/3/29
　Spit out the results of the split with the current rule-based one to a file.
　Put an x on a bad split result and an o on a good split result
　　You don't have to put anything on.
　　The ones with nothing on them can be o as being so-so acceptable.
　At least it's better than the current "failure cases are in the form of memos with no formatting".
　Hopefully the bad splits will be reduced when the rule is modified.
　I want to merge outputs.
　Machine learning?
　　I think it could be within the scope of parameter adjustment.
　Even if we feed BERT in the future, I'd like to wait until after a few hundred data have been collected.
　If you keep the data in this form, you can split it up and use it as teacher data if it does not contain "bad examples".

　I checked the code.
　　JSON output for regression testing to prevent unexpected breakage.
　　This one has a list of "split results."
　　It's a list, so you can't mark "this result is bad".
　　Regression testing itself will continue to be useful
　　You can have a separate ✅ dictionary.
　　Right now it's rule-based, so I'm chopping in order of highest score, but if the score is 0.5 or higher, I'll definitely split it up, and if something is still too long, should I chop it up separately?

[Assistance in dividing a long document into stickies: an example of a bad division].

2021-03-30
	I get the feeling that the type of case particle alone doesn't seem to determine which case particle feels natural to me when I need to split with any of them.
		I wonder if it depends on the type of case particle next to it and the distance...
