What is empathic writing mode?
This article describes what the new empathic writing mode in the [Kikidashi Chat System] is all about.

Many people in the world are not very good at writing. Especially the type of writing that communicates something to others and elicits action is more difficult than writing a memorandum.

[Empathy Writing] is a methodology where you are given 10 questions and you write the answers on post-its and rearrange them to create a sentence. It is interesting that some of the questions focus on the reader's emotions. I also wrote the preface to my book "[The Engineer's Art of Intellectual Production]" using empathy writing.

[Kikidashi Chat System] is a system in which a chatbot asks humans questions to help them put into words what has not yet been put into words. This time, we have added questions specifically designed to support writing to this kikidashi chat system. We wondered if, by talking to the chatbot, we could create sentence parts and rearrange them to make writing easier than if we were to write from scratch on a blank piece of paper.　This is an experiment to test this hypothesis.

By the way, some of you may have read this far and thought, "That's no way to learn how to write. I am sorry, but I will not take care of such people this time. This is because we are still in the process of experimenting with this software, and there are many glitches compared to the dead methodologies in the world.

Any tool requires an investment in learning how to use it until you can create value with it. The author is not sure how much investment is still required for this software. Therefore, we do not recommend it to those who want easy and reliable results.

It seems that the cost of learning Regroup [a tool to organize your brain] is particularly high, especially after you have created a part. It seems that generic tools are difficult to learn at first because people don't know how to use them. If that's the case, wouldn't it be good to have a tutorial that limits the purpose and flexibility, and gives top priority to getting people to experience it?　With this in mind, we have created an empathy writing mode that specializes in writing.

If you actually try it out and have a successful experience with good writing, we would be grateful if you could spread the word and give us feedback on how we can improve. Just being told that it is interesting will motivate me.

---
This text is the result of an experiment in actually using the Empathy Writing Mode to use sentences.

	Chat logs in [Kikidashi Chat System
		[I hope this gives readers an idea of what the empathy writing mode I created today looks like].
	Export to [tools to organize your head] Regroup and organize
		[Organizing with Regroup: Empathy Writing Mode Explained].
　I wrote this text while looking at the organized map
