Copyright Law test
Table of Contents
Chapter I General Provisions
Section 1 General Rules (Articles 1 to 5)
Section 2 Scope of Application (Articles 6 to 9-2)
Chapter II Rights of Authors
Section 1 Works (Articles 10 to 13)
Section 2 Authors (Articles 14 to 16)
Section 3 Description of Rights
Subsection 1 General Provisions (Article 17)
Subsection 2 Moral Rights of Authors (Articles 18-20)
Subsection 3 Types of Rights Included in Copyright (Articles 21-28)
Subsection 4 Ownership of Copyright in Cinematographic Works (Article 29)
Subsection 5 Limitation of Copyright (Articles 30 to 50)
Section 4 Period of Protection (Article 51 to Article 58)
Section 5 Personal Exclusivity, etc. of Moral Rights (Articles 59 and 60)
Section 6 Transfer and Extinction of Copyright (Articles 61 and 62)
Section 7 Exercise of Rights (Articles 63 to 66)
Section 8 Exploitation of Works by Ruling (Articles 67-70)
Section 9 Compensation, etc. (Articles 71 to 74)
Section 10 Registration (Articles 75 to 78-2)
Chapter III Right of Publication (Articles 79 to 88)
Chapter IV Neighboring Rights
Section 1 General Provisions (Articles 89 and 90)
Section 2 Rights of Performers (Article 90-2 to Article 95-3)
Section 3 Rights of Record Producers (Articles 96 to 97-3)
Section 4 Rights of Broadcasters (Articles 98-100)
Section 5 Rights of Wire Broadcasters (Article 100-2 to Article 100-5)
Section 6 Period of Protection (Article 101)
Section 7 Personal Exclusivity, etc. of Moral Rights of Performers (Article 101-2 and Article 101-3)
Section 8 Restriction, Assignment, Exercise, etc. of Rights and Registration (Articles 102 to 104)
Chapter V Compensation for Use under Restrictions on Copyrights, etc.
Section 1 Compensation for Private Sound and Visual Recordings (Article 104-2 to Article 104-10)
Section 2 Compensation for Public Transmissions for Class Purposes (Article 104-11 to Article 104-17)
Chapter VI Dispute Resolution (Article 105 - Article 111)
Chapter VII Infringement of Rights (Article 112 to Article 118)
Chapter VIII Penal Provisions (Articles 119 to 124)
supplementary provisions
Chapter I General Provisions
Section 1 General Rules
(Purpose)
Article 1 The purpose of this Act is to protect the rights of authors, etc. and to contribute to the development of culture by providing for the rights of authors and rights related thereto with respect to works, performances, phonograms, broadcasts and wire-broadcasts, while taking into consideration the fair use of these cultural products.
(Definition)
Article 2 In this Act, the meanings of the terms listed in the following items shall be as prescribed respectively in those items
(i) "Work" means a work that creatively expresses an idea or emotion and that falls within the scope of literature, science, art or music.
(ii) "Author" means a person who creates a work.
(iii) to act, dance, play, sing, orally recite, or otherwise perform a dramatic work (including similar acts which do not involve the performance of a work but which are of a performing nature) (2) "Performances" shall mean the following.
(iv) Performer means an actor, dancer, performer, singer, or other person who gives a performance, and a person who conducts or directs a performance.
(v) "phonograph record" means a phonograph sound disc, recording tape, or other object on which sound is fixed (excluding those intended to reproduce sound exclusively together with a shadow image). (viii) "phonograph record" means a record of a sound recording made by a person who is a member of the
(vi) Record producer means the person who first fixed the sound fixed on the record.
(vii) "Commercial phonogram" means a reproduction of a phonogram produced for the purpose of commercial sale.
7-2 [Public Transmissions] Transmissions of radio or wire telecommunications intended to be directly received by the public (transmission of telecommunications equipment, one part of which is installed in the same premises as the other part (in the case where such premises are occupied by two or more persons, in the area occupied by the same person) (2) Transmissions (except for transmissions of program works) by means of a transmission (except for transmissions of program works) (excluding the transmission of program works). (2) The term "transmission" shall mean the transmission of a work (except for the transmission of a program work) by
(viii) "broadcast public transmission" means a transmission of radio communication made for the purpose of simultaneous reception of the same content by the public.
(ix) "Broadcaster" means a person who engages in broadcasting as a business.
(ix)-2. A wired broadcast public transmission of a wired telecommunication which is made for the purpose of simultaneous reception by the public of a transmission of the same content.
(ix-3) "Cable broadcasting operator" means a person who engages in cable broadcasting in the course of business.
9-4 [automatic public transmission] means a public transmission that is made automatically in response to a request from the public (excluding those that fall under the category of broadcasting or wire broadcasting). (2) The term "public transmission" shall mean a public transmission
(ix-5) Making transmittable means making available for automatic public transmission by any of the following acts
(a) Automatic public transmission devices connected to telecommunication lines used by the public (meaning devices that have a function for automatic public transmission of information recorded on or input into a recording medium that is used for automatic public transmission (hereinafter in this item referred to as "recording medium for public transmission") through connection to a telecommunication line used by the public. (2) "Automatic public transmission device" means a device that has the function of automatic public transmission of information recorded in or input into a recording medium (hereinafter in this item referred to as "recording medium for public transmission") that is connected to a telecommunications line for public use. The same shall apply hereinafter). (iii) to record information on the recording medium for public transmission of an automatic public transmission device (hereinafter in this item referred to as "automatic public transmission device"), to add the recording medium on which information is recorded as the recording medium for public transmission of said automatic public transmission device, or to convert the recording medium on which information is recorded into the recording medium for public transmission of said automatic public transmission device, or to input information into said automatic public transmission device; or
(b) For an automatic public transmission device whose information is recorded on its recording medium for public transmission or input into said automatic public transmission device, connection to a telecommunications line used by the public (when this is done by a series of acts such as wiring, starting the automatic public transmission device, activating the program for transmission and reception, and other acts, said (In the case where the connection is made through a series of acts such as wiring, starting the automatic public transmission equipment, activating the transmission/reception program, and other acts, the last of such series of acts.) (2) The act of connecting to a public telecommunication line.
(x) "Film producer" means a person who has the initiative and responsibility for the production of a film work.
(x-2) "Program" means a program expressed as a combination of commands to a computer so that it can function to obtain a single result.
(x-3) "Database" means a collection of articles, numerical values, figures, and other information that is systematically organized so that such information can be retrieved using a computer.
(xi) Derivative work means a work created by translating, arranging, or transforming a work, or by adapting, filming, or otherwise adapting a work.
(xii) "Joint work" means a work created jointly by two or more persons, the contributions of each of whom cannot be separately and individually exploited.
(xiii) fixing sound recordings to objects or increasing the production of such fixed objects.
(xiv) Fixing a recording shadow image continuously to an object or increasing the number of such fixed objects.
(xv) reproduction tangible reproduction by printing, photography, photocopying, sound recording, video recording or other methods, which shall include the following acts with respect to the following items, respectively
(a) Screenplays and other similar dramatic works: Sound recording or video recording of the performance, broadcast, or cable broadcasting of such works.
(b) Completion of a building in accordance with the drawings for the construction of a work of architecture.
(xvi) Performances (including singing) The same shall apply hereinafter) (xvi) "Performing a work by a method other than a public performance (including singing; the same shall apply hereinafter).
(xviii) to project a projected work (excluding a work transmitted to the public) onto a projection screen or other object (xviii) the projection of a cinematographic work (excluding a work transmitted to the public) onto a projection screen or other object, which shall include the reproduction of sound fixed in a cinematographic work.
(xviii) Oral communication of a work by oral recitation or other means (excluding those falling under the category of performance) (xviii) "oral communication" means the oral communication of a work by oral recitation or other means (excluding those falling under performances)
(xix) "distribution" means the transfer or lending of a copy to the public, whether for remuneration or without remuneration, and in the case of a motion picture work or a work reproduced in a motion picture work, shall include the transfer or lending of a copy of such motion picture work for the purpose of presenting such work to the public. This shall include the following.
(xx) technological means of protection: electronic, magnetic or other means not recognizable by human perception (referred to as "electromagnetic means" in the following item and item (xxii)) (xx) technological means of protection: the protection of the moral rights or copyrights prescribed in Article 17, paragraph (1), publication rights, or the moral rights of performers prescribed in Article 89, paragraph (1), or neighboring rights prescribed in paragraph (6) of the same Article (hereinafter in this item, Article 30, paragraph (1), item (ii), Article 113, paragraph (7), and Article 120-2, items (i) and (iv), "copyright, etc.") by means of electronic, magnetic, or other means not recognizable to human perception (hereinafter in the next item and item (xxii), "electromagnetic means"). Article 121(1)(i)) (i) Prevention or suppression of acts of infringement of copyrights, etc. (which means suppression of acts of infringement of copyrights, etc. by causing serious hindrance to the results of such acts; hereinafter the same shall apply in this item) The same shall apply in Article 30, paragraph (1), item (ii)). (i) means (except those used without the intention of the person who holds the copyright, etc.) to prevent or deter infringement (which means to deter infringement by causing a significant hindrance to the results of the infringing act) (i) means (except those used without the intention of the person who holds the copyright, etc.) of exploitation of works, performances, phonograms, broadcasts or wire-broadcasts (hereinafter referred to as "works, etc.") (2) In the use of works, performances, phonograms, broadcasts or wire-broadcasts (hereinafter referred to as "works, etc.") (including acts that would constitute an infringement of the moral rights of authors or performers if they were committed without the consent of the authors or performers), the equipment used in the use of such works, performances, phonograms, broadcasts or wire-broadcasts shall be used in accordance with the following provisions (2) In the case of the use of a work, performance, phonogram, or sound or image pertaining to a broadcast or cable broadcast (hereinafter referred to as a "work, etc.") (including acts which, if committed without the consent of the author or the performer, would constitute an infringement of the moral rights of the author or the performer), a method of recording or transmitting signals on a recording medium for which the equipment used therefor has a specific response, or a method of recording or transmitting on a recording medium by converting the sound or image pertaining to a work, performance, phonogram or broadcast or cable broadcast so that such equipment requires specific conversion (2) The term "recording" shall mean the method of recording or transmitting a work, performance, phonogram, or sound or image pertaining to a broadcast or cable broadcast in such a way that the equipment requires specific conversion.
(xxi) Technological Means of Use Restriction: The act of viewing a work, etc. (in the case of a program work, including the act of executing the said work on a computer; the same shall apply hereinafter in this item and Article 113 paragraph (6)) by electromagnetic means The same shall apply hereinafter in this item and Article 113 paragraph (6)) (2) Means to restrict the viewing of a work, etc. (including, in the case of a program work, the act of executing said work on a computer) by means of a copyright holder, publication right holder or holder of neighboring rights (hereinafter referred to as "copyright holder, etc.") (excluding those used without the intention of the copyright holder, the holder of publishing right or the holder of neighboring rights (hereinafter referred to as "copyright holder, etc.")). (i) means a means (excluding those used without the intention of the copyright holder, etc. (hereinafter referred to as "copyright holder, etc.")) by means of recording or transmitting on a recording medium a signal to which the equipment used for viewing a work, etc. gives a specific response, or by means of recording or transmitting on a recording medium a sound or image pertaining to a work, performance, record or broadcast or cable broadcast converted so that such equipment requires a specific conversion; and (2) "Recording" means a method of recording or transmitting a work, performance, phonogram, or sound or image pertaining to a broadcast or cable broadcast on a recording medium by converting it so that the equipment requires specific conversion.
(xxii) Rights management information: Information concerning moral rights or copyrights, publication rights, or rights under Article 89(1) through (4) (hereinafter referred to as "copyrights, etc." in this item) as provided in Article 17(1) (a) to (c), which falls under any of the following items, is recorded on a recording medium or transmitted together with a work, performance, phonogram, or sound or image pertaining to a broadcast or cable broadcast by electromagnetic means (monitoring the status of use of a work, etc. and processing administrative work pertaining to permission for the use of a work, etc.) (excluding those not used for the management of copyrights, etc. (limited to those by computers)) (excluding those not used for the monitoring of the usage status of works, etc., processing of administrative work pertaining to the licensing of the use of works, etc., and other management of copyrights, etc. (limited to those by computer)) (iii) "Copyrights, etc.
(a) Information identifying the work, etc., the person who holds the copyright, etc., and other matters specified by a Cabinet Order
(b) Information on the method and conditions of use when licensing the use of a work, etc.
(c) Information that will make it possible to identify the matters listed in (a) or (b) by cross-checking with other information
(xxiii) The term "domestic place of enforcement of this Act" shall mean the place of enforcement of this Act.
(xxiv) "Outside the State" means the area outside the place where this Act is in force.
(2) The term "works of art" as used in this Act shall include works of art.
(3) The term "cinematographic works" as used in this Act shall include works that are expressed in a manner that produces visual or audiovisual effects similar to those of films and that are fixed in an object.
4 The term "photographic works" as used in this Act shall include works that are expressed by means similar to the method of producing photographs.
5 "Public" as used in this Act shall include specific and numerous persons.
6 The term "juridical person" as used in this Act shall include associations or foundations that do not have juridical personality and for which a representative or administrator has been designated.
7 In this Act, "performance," "performance," or "dictation" means the playing of a performance, performance, or dictation of a work that has been recorded or videotaped (excluding those falling under public transmission or showing) and the transmission of a performance, performance, or dictation of a work by means of telecommunication facilities (excluding those falling under public transmission). (2) "Performance" and "dictation" shall include the playing of recorded or recorded performances, performances or dictations of works (excluding those falling under public transmission or showing) and the transmission of performances, performances or dictations of works using telecommunications facilities (excluding those falling under public transmission). (2) The following shall be included in the definition of "public transmission".
8 "Loan" as used in this Act shall include the act of causing the same to acquire title to use, regardless of which name or method is used.
9 In this Act, the terms listed in paragraph (1), item (vii)-2, item (viii), item (ix)-2, item (ix)-4, item (ix)-5, or items (xiii) to (xix) inclusive, or in the preceding two paragraphs, shall include cases where these are used as verb stems, respectively.
(Publication of works)
Article 3 A work shall be reproduced in a reasonable number of copies which, in accordance with its nature, can meet the requirements of the public, without the permission of the person who has the right provided in Article 21 or his/her permission (meaning the permission for use under Article 63, paragraph (1); hereinafter the same shall apply in this Chapter and the next Chapter except in this paragraph, paragraph (1) of the following Article, Article 4-2 and Article 63. Hereinafter the same shall apply in this Chapter and the next Chapter, except in this paragraph, paragraph (1) of the following Article, Article 4-2 and Article 63). (i) A person who has obtained a publication right under Article 70 (including the right of reproduction under Article 80, paragraph (3); hereinafter the same shall apply in this Chapter and the next Chapter) or a person who has obtained a publication right under Article 79 or a reproduction license thereof (meaning a reproduction license under Article 80, paragraph (3); hereinafter the same shall apply in this Chapter and the next Chapter) The same shall apply in the proviso to Article 37 paragraph (3) and the proviso to Article 37-2). (2) In the case where a work has been prepared and distributed by a person who has obtained a license (meaning a license to reproduce under Article 80, paragraph 3; the same shall apply in the proviso to Article 37, paragraph 3 and the proviso to Article 37-2) (limited to the case where the rights of a person who has the rights prescribed in Article 26, Article 26-2, paragraph 1 or Article 26-3 are not infringed), the work shall be deemed to be published. (2) A document shall be deemed to have been issued in the following cases
(2) In the case where the number of copies of a translation that is a derivative work as provided in the preceding paragraph is made and distributed pursuant to Article 28 by a person who has the same rights as those provided in Article 21 or a person who has obtained the permission of such a person (limited to the case where the provisions of Article 28 do not prejudice the rights of a person who has the same rights as those provided in Article 26, Article 26-2 paragraph (1) or Article 26-3) (limited to the case where the distribution does not prejudice the rights of a person who has the same rights as those provided in Article 26, Article 26-2 paragraph (1) or Article 26-3 pursuant to Article 28). (2) In the case where the original work is distributed (limited to the case where the provisions of Article 28 do not prejudice the rights of a person who has the same rights as those provided in Article 26, 26-2(1) or 26-3), the original work shall be deemed to be published.
(3) The provisions of the preceding two paragraphs shall apply to a person who would have the rights set forth in the preceding two paragraphs if the work were protected by this Act, or a person who has obtained permission for the use of the work from such a person, by deeming such person to be the person who has the rights set forth in the preceding two paragraphs or the person who has obtained such permission, respectively.
(Publication of works)
Article 4 A work shall be published, or a work shall be transmitted to a person who has the rights prescribed in Articles 22 to 25 inclusive, or a person who has obtained his/her authorization (meaning the authorization for use under Article 63 paragraph (1); the same shall apply hereinafter), or a person who has obtained the establishment of a publication right under Article 79, or his/her public transmission authorization (meaning the public transmission authorization under Article 80 paragraph (3)). (2) The person who has obtained the right provided in Articles 22 to 25 inclusive, or the person who has obtained the establishment of the publication right provided in Article 79, or the public transmission license (meaning the license for public transmission under the provisions of Article 80 paragraph (3); the same shall apply hereinafter) thereof. The same shall apply in the following paragraph, the proviso to Article 37 paragraph (3) and the proviso to Article 37-2). (2) In the case of an architectural work, when the work is presented to the public by means of performance, performance, showing, public transmission, oral statement or exhibition by a person who has obtained the right prescribed in Article 21 (in the case of an architectural work, the right prescribed in Article 21 or its permission (meaning the permission for use under Article 63 paragraph (1)) or the permission of the person who has obtained the right prescribed in Article 21 (meaning the permission for use under Article 63 paragraph (1)) (2) In the case where a work of authorship is presented (including the case where a work of authorship is constructed by a person who has obtained the right under Article 21 or its authorization (meaning the authorization for use under Article 63 paragraph (1)) (2) A work shall be deemed to have been made public in the following cases
(2) A work shall be deemed to have been published when it has been made transmittable by a person who has the right prescribed in Article 23(1) or a person who has obtained his/her authorization, or by a person who has obtained the establishment of a publication right under Article 79 or his/her authorization for public transmission.
(3) Where a translation of a derivative work is presented to the public by means of performance, performance, showing, public transmission, or dictation by a person who has the same rights as those stipulated in Articles 22 to 24 inclusive or a person who has obtained permission therefrom pursuant to Article 28, or where a translation of a derivative work is made transmittable by a person who has the same rights as those stipulated in Article 23(1) pursuant to Article 28 (2) Where a work is made transmittable by a person who has the same rights as those prescribed in Article 23(1) or a person who has obtained the permission of such a person, the original work shall be deemed to have been made public.
(4) A work of art or a photographic work shall be deemed to have been published when the exhibition under Article 45(1) is made by a person prescribed in the same paragraph.
(5) These provisions shall apply to a person who would have rights under paragraphs (1) to (3) inclusive if the work were protected by this Act, or a person who has obtained consent for the use of the work from such a person, by deeming such person to be the person who has the rights under paragraphs (1) to (3) inclusive or the person who has obtained consent therefor, respectively.
(Issue of record)
Article 4-2 A phonogram shall be reproduced in such a way that a reasonable number of copies, which can satisfy the public demand in accordance with its nature, are made by a person who has the rights prescribed in Article 96 or his/her permission (meaning the permission for use under Article 63 paragraph (1) as applied mutatis mutandis pursuant to Article 103. The same shall apply in Chapter IV, Sections 2 and 3). (2) In the case where a work is prepared and distributed by a person who has the rights prescribed in Article 97-2, paragraph (1) or Article 97-3, paragraph (1) (limited to the case where the rights of a person who has the rights prescribed in Article 97-2, paragraph (1) or Article 97-3, paragraph (1) are not infringed), the work shall be deemed to have been published. (2) A document shall be deemed to have been issued in the following cases
(Effect of the Convention)
Article 5 If a treaty otherwise provides with respect to the rights of authors and rights adjacent thereto, the provisions thereof shall apply.
Section 2 Scope of Application
(Works to be protected)
Article 6 A work shall be protected by this Act only if it falls under any of the following items
(i) Japanese citizens (including juridical persons incorporated under the laws and regulations of Japan and juridical persons having their principal office in Japan. The same shall apply hereinafter) (ii) Works of Japanese nationals (including juridical persons established under the laws and regulations of Japan and juridical persons having their principal office in Japan)
(ii) Works first published in Japan (including those first published abroad but published in Japan within 30 days from the date of publication)
(iii) In addition to those listed in the preceding two items, works for which Japan is obliged to protect under a treaty
(Demonstration of protection)
Article 7 Performances shall be protected by this Act only if they fall under any of the following items
(i) Performances performed in Japan
(ii) Performances fixed on records listed in item (i) or (ii) of the following Article
(iii) Performances transmitted in broadcasts listed in Article 9, item (i) or (ii) (excluding those which are recorded or recorded prior to transmission with the consent of the performer)
(iv) Performances transmitted in wire broadcasts listed in each item of Article 9-2 (excluding those recorded or video recorded prior to transmission with the consent of the performer)
(v) In addition to those listed in the preceding items, performances listed in any of the following
(a) International Convention for the Protection of Performers, Record Producers and Broadcasters (hereinafter referred to as the "Convention for the Protection of Performers, etc.") (a) Performances performed in countries that are parties to the International Convention for the Protection of Performers, Record Producers and Broadcasters
(b) Performances fixed in phonograms listed in item (iii) of the following Article
(c) Performances transmitted in broadcasts listed in Article 9, item (iii) (excluding those which are recorded or recorded prior to transmission with the consent of the performer)
(vi) In addition to those listed in the preceding items, performances listed in any of the following
(a) Performances in countries that are parties to the World Intellectual Property Organization Treaty on Performances and phonograms (hereinafter referred to as the "Performances and phonograms Treaty") (a) Performances given in countries that are parties to the World Intellectual Property Organization Treaty on Performances and Recordings (hereinafter referred to as the "Performances and Recordings Treaty")
(b) Performances fixed in phonograms listed in item (iv) of the following Article
(vii) In addition to those listed in the preceding items, any of the following performances
(a) Performances in member countries of the World Trade Organization
(b) Performances fixed on the phonograms listed in item (v) of the following Article
(c) Performances transmitted in broadcasts listed in Article 9, item (iv) (excluding those that are recorded or recorded prior to transmission with the consent of the performer)
(viii) In addition to those listed in the preceding items, performances pertaining to performers who are nationals of a Contracting Party to the Beijing Convention on Audiovisual Performances or who have their habitual residence in said Contracting Party
(record receiving protection)
Article 8 Only those phonograms that fall under any of the following items shall be protected by this Act.
(i) Records with a Japanese national as the record producer
(ii) A record whose sound fixed thereto was first fixed in Japan.
(iii) In addition to those listed in the preceding two items, records listed in any of the following
(a) Nationals of a Contracting Party to the Convention for the Protection of Performers, etc. (including juridical persons established under the laws and regulations of said Contracting Party and juridical persons having their principal office in said Contracting Party. The same shall apply hereinafter) (b) A phonogram whose phonogram producer is a national of a Contracting Party to the Convention for the Protection of Performers, Etc.
(b) A phonogram in respect of which the sound fixed thereto was first fixed in a State Party to the Performers' Protection Convention
(iv) In addition to those listed in the preceding three items, records listed in any of the following
(a) Nationals of the Contracting Parties to the Performances and Recordings Convention (including juridical persons established under the laws and regulations of said Contracting Parties and juridical persons having their principal offices in said Contracting Parties. The same shall apply hereinafter) (b) phonograms whose phonogram producer is a national of a Contracting Party to the Performances and Recordings Convention
(b) a record in respect of which the sound fixed thereto was first fixed in a State Party to the Performances and Recordings Convention
(v) In addition to those listed in the preceding items, records listed in any of the following
(a) Nationals of a member country of the World Trade Organization (including juridical persons established under the laws and regulations of said member country and juridical persons having their principal office in said member country. The same shall apply hereinafter) (b) Records of which the record producer is a national of a member country of the World Trade Organization (including corporations established under the laws and regulations of said member country and corporations having their principal office in said member country)
(b) a record whose sound fixed thereto was first fixed in a member country of the World Trade Organization
(vi) in addition to what is listed in the preceding items, phonograms for which Japan is obligated to provide protection under the Convention for the Protection of Recordings from Unauthorized Duplication (referred to in Article 121-2 item (ii) as the "Treaty on the Protection of Recordings") (vii) in addition to those listed in the preceding items, phonograms for which Japan is obligated to provide protection under the
(Broadcasting with Protection)
Article 9 Broadcasting shall be protected by this Act only if it falls under any of the following items
(i) Broadcasting by a broadcaster who is a Japanese citizen
(ii) Broadcasts made from broadcasting facilities located in Japan
(iii) In addition to those listed in the preceding two items, broadcasts listed in any of the following
(a) Broadcasting by a broadcaster who is a national of a State party to the Convention for the Protection of Performers, etc.
(b) Broadcasts made from broadcasting facilities located in countries that are parties to the Convention for the Protection of Performers, etc.
(iv) In addition to those listed in the preceding three items, broadcasts listed in any of the following
(a) Broadcasting by a broadcaster that is a national of a member country of the World Trade Organization
(b) Broadcasts made from broadcasting facilities located in a member country of the World Trade Organization
(Wireline broadcasting with protection)
Article 9-2 Cable broadcasting shall be protected by this Act only to the extent that it falls under any of the following items
(i) Cable broadcasting (excluding those performed by receiving broadcasts; the same shall apply in the following item) of a cable broadcasting operator who is a Japanese citizen The same shall apply in the following item)
(ii) Cable broadcasting made from cable broadcasting facilities located in Japan
Chapter II Rights of Authors
Section 1 Works
(Examples of copyrighted works)
Article 10 The following are examples of works referred to in this Act.
(i) novels, screenplays, articles, lectures and other verbal works
(ii) Musical works
(iii) Works of dance or silent drama
(iv) paintings, prints, sculptures and other works of art
(v) Architectural works
(vi) Maps or works of drawings, charts, models or other graphic works of a scholarly nature
(vii) Motion picture works
(viii) Photographic works
(ix) program works
(2) Miscellaneous news reports and reports on current affairs which are merely the communication of facts shall not fall under the category of works listed in item (i) of the preceding paragraph.
(3) The protection provided by this Act for the works listed in paragraph (1), item (ix) shall not extend to the programming language, conventions and solution methods used to prepare such works. In this case, the meanings of these terms shall be as set forth in the following items.
(i) Programming language means characters and other symbols as a means of expressing a program and a system thereof.
(ii) a special commitment regarding the usage of the programming language of the preceding item in a specific program.
(iii) The method of combining commands to a computer in a solution program.
(Derivative Works)
Protection under this Act for derivative works shall not affect the rights of the author of the original work.
(Edited work)
Article 12 Compiled works (excluding those falling under databases. The same shall apply hereinafter) Article 12 Any compilation (excluding those falling under the category of database; the same shall apply hereinafter) that has creativity due to the selection or arrangement of its material shall be protected as a work.
(2) The provisions of the preceding paragraph shall not affect the rights of the author of a work constituting a part of a compilation under the said paragraph.
(Database work)
Article 12-2 Any database that has creativity due to the selection or systematic organization of its information shall be protected as a work.
(2) The provisions of the preceding paragraph shall not affect the rights of the author of the work constituting the database portion of the same paragraph.
(Works not the subject of rights)
Article 13 A work falling under any of the following items may not be the subject of rights under this Chapter
(i) Constitution and other laws and regulations
(ii) Organs of the national government or local governments, independent administrative agencies (meaning independent administrative agencies provided in Article 2, paragraph 1 of the Act on General Rules for Incorporated Administrative Agencies (Act No. 103 of 1999). The same shall apply hereinafter) (meaning a local incorporated administrative agency prescribed in Article 2, paragraph 1 of the Local Incorporated Administrative Agency Act (Act No. 118 of 2003); the same shall apply hereinafter. The same shall apply hereinafter.) (2) A public notice, instruction, notice, or other similar document issued by a local incorporated administrative agency (meaning a local incorporated administrative agency prescribed in Article 2, paragraph 1 of the Local Incorporated Administrative Agency Act (Act No. 118 of 2003).
(iii) Judgments, decisions, orders and referees of courts, and determinations and decisions of administrative agencies, which are made through procedures equivalent to judicial decisions
(iv) Translations and edited works of those listed in the preceding three items, which are prepared by an agency of the State or local public entity, an incorporated administrative agency, or a local incorporated administrative agency.
Section 2 Authors
(Presumption of authorship)
Article 14 When an original work of a work is reproduced, or when a work is offered or presented to the public, the name or title of the original work (hereinafter referred to as "real name") or its pseudonym, pen name, abbreviation or any other name used in place of the real name (hereinafter referred to as "nickname") shall be reproduced. Article 14 Any person whose name is well-known as the author's name (hereinafter referred to as "the author's name") or his pseudonym, pen name, abbreviation or other name used in place of the author's name (hereinafter referred to as "variant name") in the original work of a work or when the work is offered or presented to the public shall be deemed to be the author's name. (2) A person whose name is indicated as the author's name in the usual way by a well-known pseudonym, pen name, abbreviation, or other name used in place of the author's real name (hereinafter referred to as a "variant name") when the work is offered or presented to the public shall be presumed to be the author of the work.
(Authors of works prepared in the course of their duties)
Article 15 Any work (excluding program works) created in the course of employment by a juridical person or other user (hereinafter in this Article referred to as "juridical person, etc.")  (2) The author of a work (excluding program works) prepared by a juridical person or other employer (hereinafter referred to as "juridical person, etc." in this Article) in the course of its duties and published under its own name shall be the said juridical person, etc. unless otherwise provided by contract, service rules or other regulations at the time of preparation.
(2) The author of a work of a program prepared by a person engaged in the business of a juridical person, etc. in the course of his/her duties based on the initiative of the juridical person, etc. shall be the juridical person, etc. unless otherwise provided in a contract, service rules or other regulations at the time of preparation.
(Authors of cinematographic works)
Article 16 The author of a film work shall be the person who has creatively contributed to the overall formation of the film work by being in charge of production, direction, direction, cinematography, art, etc., except for authors of novels, scripts, music and other works adapted or reproduced in the film work. However, this shall not apply where the provisions of the preceding Article apply.
Section 3 Description of Rights
Subsection 1 General Provisions
(Rights of authors)
Article 17 Authors shall have the rights provided in paragraph (1) of the following Article, Article 19, paragraph (1) and Article 20, paragraph (1) (hereinafter referred to as "moral rights") The author shall enjoy the rights provided in paragraph (1) of the following Article, paragraph (1) of Article 19, and paragraph (1) of Article 20 (hereinafter referred to as "moral rights"), and the rights provided in Articles 21 through 28 (hereinafter referred to as "copyright"). (2) The right to use the copyrighted work shall be enjoyed by the copyright holder (hereinafter referred to as the "copyright holder").
(2) The enjoyment of moral rights and copyrights does not require the performance of any formality.
Subsection 2 Moral Rights of Authors
(Right of publicity)
Article 18 An author shall not make a work which has not yet been published (including a work published without the consent of the author; hereinafter the same shall apply in this Article), or a work which has not yet been published without the consent of the author. The same shall apply hereinafter in this Article). Article 18 The author shall have the right to offer or present to the public his/her work (including works published without his/her consent) which has not yet been made public. The same shall apply to derivative works based on such works.
(2) The author shall be presumed to have consented to the acts listed in each of the following items in the following cases
(i) to offer or present to the public a work in exercise of the copyright in such work in the event that the copyright in the work has been assigned and has not yet been made public; or
(ii) in the case of the transfer of an original work of art or of a photographic work that has not yet been published, to present these works to the public by way of exhibition of the original work
(iii) to offer or present to the public a film work in exercise of the copyright in such work where the copyright in the film work has been vested in the film producer pursuant to Article 29
(3) In any of the following cases, the author shall be deemed to have consented to the acts listed in each of the following items
(i) The work, which has not yet been made public, is to be disclosed to an administrative organ (Act on Access to Information Held by Administrative Organs (Act No. 42 of 1999, hereinafter referred to as the "Act on Access to Information Held by Administrative Organs"); and Hereinafter referred to as the "Act on Access to Information Held by Administrative Organs"). The same shall apply hereinafter. The same shall apply hereinafter). (excluding cases where the Administrative Organ has otherwise indicated its intention by the time of the decision to disclose pursuant to the provisions of Article 9, paragraph 1 of the Administrative Organs Information Disclosure Act). (ii) The head of an Administrative Organ provides or presents the work to the public pursuant to the provisions of the Administrative Organs Information Access Act (in the case where the historical public records, etc. (Act on Management of Public Records, etc. (Act No. 66 of 2009; hereinafter referred to as "the Act on the Management of Public Records, etc."; the same shall apply hereinafter)) pertaining to the work are provided or presented to the public. Hereinafter referred to as the "Public Records Management Act"). (Historical public records, etc. as provided in Article 2, paragraph 6 of the Act on Management of Public Records, etc. (Act No. 66 of 2009). (Hereinafter the same shall apply.) (meaning the historical public records, etc. prescribed in Article 2 paragraph (6) of the Public Records Management Act (Act No. 66 of 2009); hereinafter the same shall apply) from the head of an administrative organ to the National Archives, etc. (meaning the National Archives, etc. prescribed in Article 2 paragraph (3) of the Public Records Management Act; hereinafter the same shall apply. The same shall apply hereinafter) (except in the case where the author of the work has otherwise indicated his/her intention by the time of the decision to have the work used pursuant to the provisions of Article 16 paragraph (1) of the Public Records Management Act) In the case of a work that has been transferred (except in cases where the author of the work has expressed otherwise by the time of the decision to have the work used under Article 16 paragraph (1) of the Public Records Management Act), the head of the National Archives, etc. (meaning the head of the National Archives, etc. as provided in Article 15 paragraph (1) of the Public Records Management Act; the same shall apply hereinafter. Hereinafter the same shall apply.) ) provides or presents said works to the public) pursuant to the provisions of Article 16 paragraph (1) of the Public Records Management Act. (iii) The head of the National Archives of Japan, etc.
(ii) The work has not yet been made public and has been made available to an independent administrative agency, etc. (Act on Access to Information Held by Independent Administrative Agencies, etc. (Act No. 140 of 2001, hereinafter referred to as the "Act on Access to Information Held by Independent Administrative Agencies, etc."). (hereinafter referred to as "Incorporated Administrative Agency, etc. Information Disclosure Act") (meaning the Incorporated Administrative Agency, etc. prescribed in Article 2, paragraph 1 of the Act on Access to Information Held by Incorporated Administrative Agencies, etc. (Act No. 140 of 2001). The same shall apply hereinafter). (except in the case where the person has otherwise indicated his/her intention by the time of the decision to disclose pursuant to the provisions of Article 9, paragraph 1 of the Incorporated Administrative Agencies, etc. Information Disclosure Act). (ii) In cases where the Incorporated Administrative Agency, etc. provides or presents the work to the public pursuant to the provisions of the Incorporated Administrative Agency, etc. Information Access Act (in cases where the historical public records, etc. pertaining to the work have been transferred from the said Incorporated Administrative Agency, etc. to the National Archives, etc. pursuant to the provisions of Article 11, paragraph 4 of the Public Records Management Act (pursuant to Article 16, paragraph 1 of the Public Records Management Act). (except in cases where the author of the work has expressed a different intention by the time of the decision to have the work used pursuant to the provisions of Article 16 paragraph (1) of the Public Records Management Act). In the case of a work that has been transferred to the National Archives of Japan, etc. pursuant to the provision of Article 16 paragraph (1) of the Public Records Management Act (including cases where the head of the National Archives, etc. provides or presents the work to the public pursuant to the provision of Article 16 paragraph (1) of the Public Records Management Act). (iii) In the case of the following cases
(iii) When the work has been provided to the local public entity or local incorporated administrative agency that has not yet been made public (except in cases where the local public entity or local incorporated administrative agency has otherwise indicated its intention by the time of the decision to disclose the work).  The same shall apply hereinafter) (i.e., the case where the historical public records, etc. pertaining to the work are provided or presented to the public by the local public entity or local incorporated administrative agency pursuant to the provisions of the Ordinance on Public Records Management (the ordinance of the local public entity which provides for the appropriate preservation and use of historical public records, etc. held by the local public entity or local incorporated administrative agency; the same shall apply hereinafter)). (The same shall apply hereinafter. The same shall apply hereinafter) The same shall apply hereinafter) based on the Ordinance on Public Records Management (the ordinance of the local public entity which provides for the appropriate preservation and use of historical public records, etc. held by the local public entity or Local Incorporated Administrative Agency). The same shall apply hereinafter) (limited to the provisions of the Public Records Management Ordinance (limited to the provisions corresponding to the provisions of Article 16 paragraph (1) of the Public Records Management Act. Hereinafter the same shall apply in this Article). (2) In the case where a work has been transferred to a third party (except where the author of the work has expressed a different intention by the time of the decision to have the work used in accordance with the provisions of the Ordinance on Management of Public Records (limited to the provisions equivalent to the provisions of Article 16 paragraph (1) of the Public Records Management Act)) (2) In the case of the use of a work by the head of a local archives, etc. (in the case where the local archives, etc. is a facility of a local public entity, the head of the local public entity to which the local archives, etc. belongs; in the case where the local archives, etc. is a facility of a local incorporated administrative agency, the local incorporated administrative agency which established the facility) pursuant to the provisions of the Public Records Management Ordinance (hereinafter the same shall apply. The same shall apply hereinafter). (including the offering or presentation of said works to the public by a person who is a person who has been granted the right to use said works). (2) The term "public works" as used in this Article shall mean the following
(iv) In the case that the work has been provided to the National Archives, etc. that has not yet been made public (except in the case that the work has been otherwise indicated by the time of the decision to have it used pursuant to the provisions of Article 16 paragraph (1) of the Public Records Management Act) (iii) the director of the National Archives, etc. provides or presents said work to the public pursuant to the provisions of the same paragraph.
(v) In the case that the work has been provided to the local archives, etc., which has not yet been made public (except in the case that the work has otherwise indicated its intention by the time of the decision to have it used pursuant to the provisions of the Public Records Management Ordinance) (iv) the director of the local archives, etc. provides or presents said work to the public pursuant to the provisions of the Ordinance on Management of Public Records.
(4) The provisions of paragraph (1) shall not apply in any of the following cases
(i) When the head of an Administrative Organ provides or presents to the public a work in which the information prescribed in item 1 (b) or (c) of the same Article or the proviso of item 2 of the same Article that has not yet been made public pursuant to the provisions of Article 5 of the Access to Information Act for Administrative Organs, or when the head of an Administrative Organ provides or presents to the public a work in which the information prescribed in Article 7 of the Access to Information Act for Administrative Organs is recorded and has not yet been made public (2) When the head of an Administrative Organ provides or presents to the public a work that has not yet been made public pursuant to the provisions of Article 7 of the Administrative Organs Access to Information Act.
(ii) When an Incorporated Administrative Agency, etc. provides or presents to the public a work in which information prescribed in item (i)(b) or (c) of the same Article or the proviso of item (ii) of the same Article that has not yet been made public pursuant to the provisions of Article 5 of the Act on Access to Information on Incorporated Administrative Agencies, etc.; or (2) When an Incorporated Administrative Agency, etc. provides or presents to the public a work that has not yet been made public pursuant to the provisions of Article 7 of the Incorporated Administrative Agency, etc. Information Disclosure Act
(iii) Information disclosure ordinances (limited to those that have provisions equivalent to the provisions of Article 13, paragraphs 2 and 3 of the Administrative Organs Information Disclosure Act. The same shall apply in item (v)) (ii) When a local public entity or a Local Incorporated Administrative Agency provides or presents to the public a work that has not yet been made public pursuant to the provisions of Article 5, item 1 (b) or the proviso of item 2 of the same Article of the Act on Access to Information by Administrative Organs (limited to those that contain information equivalent to the information prescribed in Article 5, item 1 (b) or the proviso of item 2 of the same Article) (iii) When providing or presenting to the public a work (limited to a work that contains information equivalent to the information prescribed in Article 5, item (i)(b) or the proviso of item (ii) of the same Article of the Administrative Organ Information Disclosure Act)
(iv) When a local government agency or a local incorporated administrative agency provides or presents to the public a work that has not yet been made public pursuant to the provisions of the Information Disclosure Ordinance (limited to a work that contains information equivalent to the information prescribed in Article 5, item (i) (c) of the Administrative Organs Information Disclosure Act). 
(v) When a local government agency or a local incorporated administrative agency provides or presents to the public a work that has not yet been made public pursuant to the provisions of the Information Disclosure Ordinance, which is equivalent to the provisions of Article 7 of the Administrative Organ Information Disclosure Act.
(vi) When the head of the National Archives, etc., pursuant to the provisions of Article 16, paragraph 1 of the Public Records Management Act, provides or presents to the public a work in which information prescribed in Article 5, item 1 (b) or (c) or the proviso of item 2 of the same article of the Access to Information Act on Administrative Organs or in which the information prescribed in Article 5, item 1 (b) or (c) or the proviso of item 2 of the same article of the Act on Access to Information on Independent Administrative Agencies, etc. is recorded (2) When providing or presenting to the public a work that has not yet been made public.
(vii) The head of the Local Public Records Management Ordinance (limited to those that have provisions equivalent to the provisions of Article 18, paragraphs (2) and (4) of the Public Records Management Act). (viii) When the head of the local archives, etc. provides or presents to the public a work that has not yet been made public (limited to those that contain information equivalent to the information prescribed in the proviso of Article 5 item (i)(b) or item (ii) of the Administrative Organs Information Access Act) pursuant to the provisions of Article 18 paragraph (2) of the same act. (iii) When providing or presenting to the public a work (limited to a work that contains information equivalent to the information prescribed in Article 5, item (i)(b) or the proviso of item (ii) of the same Article of the Administrative Organ Information Disclosure Act).
(viii) When the head of the local archives, etc. provides or presents to the public a work that has not yet been made public pursuant to the provisions of the Public Records Management Ordinance (limited to those in which information equivalent to the information prescribed in Article 5 item (i) c. of the Administrative Organs Information Access Act is recorded). (iii) When the head of a local public records office, etc. provides or presents to the public a work (limited to those in which information equivalent to the information prescribed in Article 5, item (i) (c) of the Administrative Organs Information Disclosure Act is recorded) that has not yet been made public
(Right to display name)
Article 19 An author shall have the right to indicate his/her real name or a variant name as the name of the author, or to omit the name of the author, in the original work of his/her work or in the offer or presentation of his/her work to the public. The same shall apply to the indication of the name of the author of the original work in the provision or presentation to the public of a derivative work based on such work.
(2) A person who uses a work may indicate the name of the author of the work in accordance with the indication already made by the author for the work, unless the author indicates otherwise.
(3) The indication of the name of the author may be omitted when it is recognized that, in light of the purpose and manner of use of the work, there is no risk of harm to the interest of the author in claiming authorship of the work, provided that such omission does not violate fair practice.
(4) The provisions of paragraph (1) shall not apply in any of the following cases
(i) When the head of an Administrative Organ, an Incorporated Administrative Agency, etc., or an organ of a local public entity or a Local Incorporated Administrative Agency provides or presents a work to the public pursuant to the provisions of the Administrative Organ Information Disclosure Act, the Incorporated Administrative Agency, etc. Information Disclosure Act, or the Information Disclosure Ordinance, and the author's name is indicated in accordance with the indication already made by the author for the said work (2) When the name of the author is indicated in accordance with the name already indicated by the author of the work.
(ii) When the head of an Administrative Organ, an Incorporated Administrative Agency, etc., or an organ of a local public entity or a Local Incorporated Administrative Agency provides or presents a work to the public pursuant to the provisions of Article 6, paragraph 2 of the Administrative Organ Information Access Act, the provisions of Article 6, paragraph 2 of the Information Access Act, or the provisions of the Information Access Ordinance that correspond to the provisions of Article 6, paragraph 2 of the Administrative Organ Information Access Act, 
(iii) When the head of the National Archives, etc. or the head of the Local Archives, etc. provides or presents a work to the public pursuant to the provisions of Article 16 paragraph (1) of the Public Records Management Act or the provisions of the Public Records Management Ordinance (limited to the provisions corresponding to the same paragraph) (iii) When the head of the National Archives, etc. or the head of a local archives, etc. provides or presents a work to the public pursuant to the provisions of Article 16 paragraph (1) of the Public Records Management Act or the provisions of the Public Records Management Ordinance (limited to the provisions corresponding to the same paragraph), the author's name is indicated in accordance with the indication already made by the author for said work.
(Right of Identity Preservation)
The author shall have the right to preserve the identity of his work and its title, and shall not have them altered, mutilated or otherwise modified against his will.
(2) The provisions of the preceding paragraph shall not apply to alterations falling under any of the following items
(i) in the case of exploitation of a work under Article 33 paragraph (1) (including the case where it is applied mutatis mutandis pursuant to paragraph (4) of the same Article) (ii) Changes in script or terminology or other alterations that are deemed unavoidable for the purpose of school education in the case of using a work pursuant to Article 33-2, Article 33-2, paragraph (1), Article 33-3, paragraph (1), or Article 34, paragraph (1).
(ii) Alterations due to extension, reconstruction, repair or redecoration of buildings
(iii) modifications necessary to enable program works that cannot be executed on a particular computer to be executed on said computer, or to enable program works to be executed more effectively on a computer
(iv) In addition to those listed in the preceding three items, alterations that are deemed unavoidable in light of the nature of the work and the purpose and manner of its use
Subsection 3 Types of Rights Included in Copyrights
(Right of reproduction)
The author shall have the exclusive right to reproduce his work.
(Performing and performing rights)
The author shall have the exclusive right to perform or play his/her work for the purpose of showing it directly to the public or having it heard (hereinafter referred to as "publicly"). The author shall have the exclusive right to perform or play his/her work for the purpose of being shown or heard directly to the public (hereinafter referred to as "publicly").
(Screening rights)
Article 22-2 Authors shall have the exclusive right to publicly screen their works.

([Public Transmission Rights] etc.)
Article 23 The author shall have the exclusive right to [public transmission] (including making transmittable in the case of automatic public transmission) of his work. (2) The author shall have the exclusive right to
(2) The author shall have the exclusive right to communicate his work publicly by means of receiving apparatus, which is transmitted publicly.

(Dictation rights)
The author shall have the exclusive right to publicly oralize his or her linguistic work.
(Exhibition rights)
The author shall have the exclusive right to exhibit to the public his artistic works or photographic works which have not yet been published by means of these original works.
(Distribution Rights)
The author shall have the exclusive right to distribute copies of his cinematographic work.
(2) The author has the exclusive right to distribute his work reproduced in a cinematographic work by means of a copy of said cinematographic work.
(Right of transfer)
Article 26-2 Authors shall not make use of any of their works (excluding cinematographic works; hereinafter the same shall apply in this Article) for the purpose of making a film or other work of authorship. The same shall apply hereinafter in this Article). Article 26-2 An author may reproduce a work (excluding cinematographic works; hereinafter the same shall apply in this Article) in its original or a reproduction (in the case of a work reproduced in a cinematographic work, excluding a reproduction of the said cinematographic work). The same shall apply hereinafter in this Article). (2) The right to make available to the public by transfer of the original work or a reproduction (in the case of a work reproduced in a cinematographic work, excluding a reproduction of the said cinematographic work) of a cinematographic work shall be exclusive.
(2) The preceding paragraph shall not apply to the case of transfer of an original work or a reproduction of a work that falls under any of the following items
(i) Original or reproductions of a work that have been transferred to the public by a person who has the rights prescribed in the preceding paragraph or by a person who has obtained the authorization of such a person
(ii) a reproduction of a work that has been transferred to the public with a ruling under Article 67(1) or 69, or with permission under Article 5(1) of the Act on Special Provisions of the Copyright Act in connection with the Implementation of the Universal Copyright Convention (Act No. 86 of 1956)
(iii) a reproduction of a work transferred to the public under the provisions of Article 67-2(1)
(iv) Original or reproductions of a work that have been assigned to a specific and small number of persons by a person who has the rights provided for in the preceding paragraph or by a person who has obtained the consent of such a person
(v) An original work or a reproduction of a work that has been transferred outside Japan without prejudice to the rights equivalent to the rights prescribed in the preceding paragraph or by a person who has the rights equivalent to the rights prescribed in the preceding paragraph or has obtained consent therefrom
(Lending rights)
Article 26-3 An author may reproduce his/her work (excluding a cinematographic work) Article 26-3 An author shall have the exclusive right to make available to the public his/her work (excluding cinematographic works) by means of rental of copies thereof (in the case of a work reproduced in a cinematographic work, excluding copies of the said cinematographic work). (2) The author shall have the exclusive right to make available to the public by rental of his/her work (excluding cinematographic works).
(Translation rights, adaptation rights, etc.)
The author shall have the exclusive right to translate, arrange or transform, or adapt, make into a film, or otherwise adapt his work.
(Rights of the original author to use derivative works)
The author of an original work of a derivative work shall, with respect to the exploitation of such derivative work, have exclusive rights of the same kind as the author of such derivative work has with respect to the rights provided in this subsection.
Subsection 4 Ownership of Copyright in Cinematographic Works
Article 29 The copyright in a cinematographic work (excluding those to which the provisions of Article 15 paragraph (1), the following paragraph or paragraph (3) shall apply) Article 29 The copyright in a cinematographic work (excluding those to which the provisions of Article 15(1), (2), (3) or (4) shall apply) shall vest in the film producer where the author thereof has promised the film producer to participate in the production of the said cinematographic work.
(2) Among the copyrights in cinematographic works (excluding those to which the provisions of Article 15 paragraph (1) shall apply) produced exclusively by a broadcaster as a technical means for broadcasting (2) The following rights in the copyrights of cinematographic works (excluding those to which the provisions of Article 15 paragraph (1) shall apply) produced exclusively by broadcasters as technical means for broadcasting shall belong to the said broadcasters as film producers
(i) the right to broadcast the work and the work to be broadcast, to broadcast it by wire, to make it available for automatic public transmission (including making it available for transmission by inputting the information into an automatic public transmission device connected to a telecommunications line used by the public; the same shall apply hereinafter) (2) The right to make a work available for public transmission by means of an automatic public transmission device connected to an automatic public transmission device connected to a telecommunications line used for public use, or the right to publicly transmit by means of a receiving device
(ii) the right to reproduce the work or to distribute the work to broadcasters by means of the reproduction
(3) The following rights in the copyrights of cinematographic works (excluding those to which the provisions of Article 15 paragraph (1) shall apply) produced exclusively by a wire broadcasting operator as a technical means for wire broadcasting (2) The following rights among the copyrights in a film work (excluding those to which the provisions of Article 15 paragraph (1) shall apply) produced exclusively by a wire broadcasting operator as a technical means for wire broadcasting shall belong to the said wire broadcasting operator as a film producer
(i) the right to wire-broadcast the work and the right to publicly transmit the work to be wire-broadcast by means of a receiving apparatus
(ii) the right to reproduce the work or to distribute the work to wire-broadcasters by means of the reproduction
Subsection 5 Limitation of Copyright
([Reproduction for private use])
Article 30 A work that is the subject of a copyright (hereinafter simply referred to as a "work" in this Subsection) may be used for personal or family use or other similarly limited use (hereinafter referred to as "private use"). Article 30 A work (hereinafter in this Subsection simply referred to as "work") that is the subject matter of a copyright (hereinafter in this Subsection simply referred to as "work") may be reproduced by the person who uses it for personal use or use within the family or other similarly limited scope (hereinafter referred to as "personal use") except in the following cases (2) A work (hereinafter in this subsection referred to simply as "work") may be reproduced by the person who uses it for the purpose of personal or family use or other similar limited use (hereinafter referred to as "private use"), except in the following cases
(i) In the case of using an automatic reproduction machine installed for the purpose of public use (which means a machine that has the function of reproduction and for which all or a major part of the equipment related thereto is automated; the same shall apply hereinafter) (ii) where the reproduction is made by means of
(ii) circumvention of the technical means of protection (i.e. removal or alteration of a signal as provided in Article 2 paragraph (1) item (xx) or other acts which hinder the effect of said signal (excluding those due to technical restrictions in connection with the conversion of the method of recording or transmission)) (iii) to enable acts prevented by said technical means of protection or to prevent the results of acts deterred by said technical means of protection by performing acts (excluding acts due to technical restrictions accompanying the conversion of recording or transmission methods) or restoring sounds or images pertaining to works, performances, phonograms or broadcasts or wire broadcasts that have been converted to require specific conversion as provided in the same item; and (excluding those made based on the intention of the person who holds the copyright, etc.) (2) The term "act" as used in this Article shall mean the following (The same shall apply in Article 113(7) and Article 120-2(i) and (ii)). (2) Where a reproduction that has become possible or the results of the reproduction are not impaired due to the fact that the reproduction is made with knowledge of such fact (excluding reproduction made based on the intention of the person who holds the copyright, etc.)
(iii) Automatic public transmissions that infringe copyrights (including automatic public transmissions made outside of Japan that would constitute copyright infringement if they were made in Japan; the same shall apply hereinafter) (iii) a digital recording or sound recording made by receiving an automatic public transmission that infringes a copyright (including an automatic public transmission made outside Japan that would constitute copyright infringement if made in Japan) (hereinafter in this item and the following paragraph referred to as "specified infringing sound recording") (hereinafter in this item and the following paragraph, "Specified Infringing Audio Recording"), while knowing that it is a Specified Infringing Audio Recording
(iv) Copyright (excluding rights provided in Article 28 (limited to those pertaining to derivative works created by methods other than translation)) (iii) Copyrights (excluding rights under Article 28 (limited to those pertaining to derivative works created by methods other than translation)) The same shall apply hereinafter in this item) (iii) Any automatic public transmission (including an automatic public transmission made outside Japan which, if made in Japan, would constitute copyright infringement) that infringes a copyright (including a copyright infringement by an automatic public transmission made in a country other than Japan; the same shall apply hereinafter in this item) (ii) Reproduction in digital form (excluding sound recording and video recording; the same shall apply hereinafter in this item) made by receiving an automatic public transmission (including an automatic public transmission made outside Japan which would constitute copyright infringement if it had been made in Japan. The same shall apply hereinafter in this item.) (excluding those which are minor in light of the proportion of the portion of the work pertaining to the copyright for which the reproduction is made, the accuracy of the indication of the said portion in the automatic public transmission, and other factors). (Hereinafter in this item and the following paragraph, referred to as "specific infringing reproduction") (ii) where the reproduction of a work (excluding cases where there are special circumstances where the interests of the copyright holder are not unreasonably impaired in light of the type and intended use of the work and the manner of said specific infringing reproduction) is made with knowledge that the reproduction is a specific infringing reproduction (hereinafter in this item and the following paragraph referred to as "specific infringing reproduction").
(2) The provisions of items (iii) and (iv) of the preceding paragraph shall not be construed to include cases where a specific infringing sound recording or specific infringing reproduction is made without knowledge due to gross negligence.
(3) Any person who, for the purpose of private use, uses equipment having a function of sound recording or video recording in digital form (excluding those having special performance for broadcasting business or other special performance not normally provided for private use and those having sound recording or video recording function as a function attached to the original function, such as a telephone set with sound recording function), which is specified by a Cabinet Order, to make sound recordings or video recordings in digital form with said equipment, shall pay a reasonable amount of compensation to the copyright holder. (2) A person who makes sound or video recordings on a recording medium provided for sound or video recording in digital form by means of equipment (excluding those having special performance for broadcasting operations or other special performance not normally provided for private use and those having sound or video recording functions as a function attached to the original functions, such as a telephone set with sound recording functions) specified by a Cabinet Order shall pay a reasonable amount of compensation to the copyright holder.
(Use of Incidental Works)
Article 30-2 In committing the act of reproducing or transmitting without reproduction the image or sound of a thing (hereinafter referred to as the "act of reproduction and transmission" in this paragraph) by means of photography, sound recording, video recording, broadcasting, or other acts similar thereto (2) In committing an act of reproduction or transmission of the image or sound of a thing (hereinafter in this paragraph referred to as the "act of reproduction and transmission")  Hereinafter in this paragraph referred to as "incidental subject matter, etc.") (2) The percentage of a work (including a work created or transmitted by such act of reproduction and transmission (hereinafter in this Article referred to as "created and transmitted work")) pertaining to a thing or sound (including a thing or sound covered by the act of reproduction and transmission as constituting a part of the thing or sound subject to reproduction and transmission; hereinafter in this Article referred to as "incidental subject matter, etc.") (2) The term "incidental subject work" as used in this Article means a work pertaining to a work (limited to a work in which the work is a minor component part of the created and transmitted work in light of the percentage of the work in the created and transmitted work (hereinafter in this Article referred to as "created and transmitted work"), the accuracy of reproduction of the work in the created and transmitted work and other factors). (Hereinafter in this Article referred to as "incidental subject work".) (2) A work (limited to a work in the case where the work is a minor component part of the work in the preparation and transmission) may be used in connection with the act of copying and transmission, regardless of the method used, to the extent justified in light of whether or not the purpose is to profit from the use of the incidental subject work, the degree of difficulty in separating the incidental subject work from the work in question, the role the incidental subject work plays in the preparation and transmission, and other elements. (2) A work may be used in connection with the act of copying and transmission, regardless of the method of use. However, this shall not apply in cases where the interests of the copyright holder would be unjustly impaired in light of the type and use of the subject work and the manner of the said exploitation.
(2) An incidental work exploited under the preceding paragraph may be used in connection with the exploitation of a work of authorship or transmission pertaining to such incidental work, regardless of the method used. However, this shall not apply where, in light of the type and use of the incidental work and the manner of such use, the interests of the copyright holder would be unjustly impaired.
(Use in the process of review)
Article 30-3 Any person who intends to exploit a work with the permission of the copyright holder or with an award under Article 67(1), 68(1) or 69 may exploit the work to the extent deemed necessary for the purpose of making use of the work in the process of consideration of such exploitation (including the process of obtaining such permission or receiving such award). (2) A person who intends to make use of a work under an award under Article 8 paragraph (1) or Article 69 may, to the extent deemed necessary for the purpose of making use of the work in the process of consideration of such use (including the process of obtaining such permission or receiving such award), use the work in any manner. However, this shall not apply where, in light of the type and use of the work and the manner of such use, the interests of the copyright holder would be unjustly impaired.
(Use not for the purpose of enjoying the ideas or sentiments expressed in the work)
Article 30-4 A work may be exploited, regardless of the method used, in the following cases and in other cases where the purpose is not to enjoy oneself or to cause others to enjoy the ideas or sentiments expressed in the work, to the extent deemed necessary for such purpose. However, this shall not apply where, in light of the type and use of the work and the manner of such use, the interests of the copyright holder would be unjustly impaired.
(i) where the works are used for testing for the development or practical application of technology pertaining to sound recording, video recording or other exploitation of the works
(ii) Information analysis (meaning the extraction, comparison, classification, or other analysis of information pertaining to language, sound, images, or other elements constituting said information from a large number of works or other large amounts of information. The same shall apply in Article 47-5, paragraph (1), item (ii)) (iii) Where the information is used for the following purposes
(iii) In addition to the cases listed in the preceding two items, when a work is used in the course of information processing by a computer or in any other use of the work (except, in the case of a program work, the execution of the work by a computer) without involving human perceptual recognition of the expression of the work (ii) in the case where the work is used for the following purposes
(Reproductions, etc. in libraries, etc.)
Article 31 The National Diet Library and other libraries and other facilities specified by a Cabinet Order for the purpose of making books, records, and other materials available to the public (hereinafter referred to as "libraries, etc." in this paragraph and paragraph (3)) shall not be used for the purpose of making books, records, and other materials of the National Diet Library available to the public. (2) In the following cases, in the National Diet library, records and other materials (hereinafter in this Article referred to as "library materials"), as a non-profit business, works may be reproduced using the books, records and other materials of the library, etc. (hereinafter in this Article referred to as "library materials"). (2) In the following cases, works may be reproduced using books, records and other materials of libraries, etc. (hereinafter referred to as "library materials" in this Article) as a non-profit-making enterprise
(i) A part of a published work (in the case of an individual work published in a periodical for a considerable period of time after its publication, the whole of the work; the same shall apply in paragraph (3)) for the purpose of research and study at the request of a user of a library, etc. The same shall apply in paragraph (3)) (4) Where a reproduction of a part of a work (in the case of an individual work published in a periodical for a considerable period of time after publication, the whole of the work; the same shall apply in paragraph (3)) is provided to one person
(ii) When necessary for the preservation of library materials
(iii) When, at the request of other libraries, etc., library materials that are out of print or difficult to obtain for similar reasons (hereinafter in this Article referred to as "out of print, etc. materials") are made available to the public. (iii) providing, in response to a request by another library, etc.
2 In addition to the cases listed in each item of the preceding paragraph, the National Diet Library may, in order to avoid loss, damage or defacement of the original library materials by making them available to the public, make them available to the public in place of such originals, or make works pertaining to out-of-print materials available for automatic public transmission (including enabling transmission) pursuant to the following paragraph. The same shall apply in the following paragraph.) (2) In order to use the works pertaining to out-of-print materials for automatic public transmission (including making transmittable) pursuant to the provisions of the following paragraph, an electromagnetic record (a record made by an electronic method, a magnetic method, or any other method not recognizable to human perception, which is used for information processing by a computer; the same shall apply hereinafter. The same shall apply hereinafter). (2) In the case of preparing a work (including a work that is not a part of the library materials), a work pertaining to said library materials may be recorded on a recording medium to the extent that it is deemed necessary.
(3) The National Diet Library may perform automatic public transmission of a work pertaining to out-of-print materials by using a reproduction of said work recorded on a recording medium pursuant to the provisions of the preceding paragraph, when the purpose is to present it to the public at a Library, etc. or a foreign institution similar thereto as provided for in a Cabinet Order. In this case, said library, etc. may, as a non-profit-making business, make a reproduction of a part of said work to be transmitted automatically and provide a part of said reproduction to one person at the request of a user of said library, etc. for the purpose of his/her research and study.
(show quote)
Works that have been published may be quoted and used. In this case, such quotation shall be in conformity with fair practice and within the scope justifiable for the purpose of news reporting, criticism, research and other quotations.
2 Public relations materials, research and statistical materials, reports, and other similar works prepared by national or local government organs, incorporated administrative agencies, or local incorporated administrative agencies for the purpose of making them generally known and published under the name of their works may be reproduced in newspapers, magazines, and other publications as explanatory material. However, this shall not apply where there is a notice prohibiting such reproduction.
(Publication in textbooks, etc.)
Article 33 To the extent deemed necessary for the purpose of school education, a work that has been made public shall be used as a textbook (meaning a textbook prescribed in Article 34, paragraph (1) of the School Education Act (Act No. 26 of 1947) (including the cases where it is applied mutatis mutandis under Article 49, Article 49-8, Article 62, Article 70, paragraph (1) and Article 82 of the same Act). (2) The term "textbooks" means the textbooks prescribed in Article 34, paragraph 1 (including the cases where it is applied mutatis mutandis pursuant to Article 49, Article 49-8, Article 62, Article 70, paragraph 1 and Article 82 of the same Act). The same shall apply hereinafter). (2) The same shall apply hereinafter.
(2) A person who publishes a work in a textbook pursuant to the preceding paragraph shall notify the author thereof and pay compensation to the copyright holder in an amount calculated in accordance with a calculation method determined by the Commissioner of the Agency for Cultural Affairs in consideration of the purpose of the provisions of the preceding paragraph, the type and use of the work, the amount of the usual royalty fee and other circumstances.
(3) When the Commissioner of the Agency for Cultural Affairs has established the calculation method set forth in the preceding paragraph, he/she shall make it public through the use of the Internet or other appropriate means.
(4) The provisions of the preceding three paragraphs shall not apply to correspondence course books and teacher's manuals pertaining to subject books (limited to those issued by the person who issues said subject books) of high schools (including the latter term of secondary schools). (4) The provisions of the preceding three paragraphs shall apply mutatis mutandis to the publication of works in the study books for correspondence courses and teacher's manuals for textbooks (limited to those issued by the publishers of said textbooks) of high schools (including the second semester of secondary education schools). (2) The provisions of paragraph (3) of this Article shall apply mutatis mutandis to the publication of works in
(Publication in alternative textbooks, etc.)
Article 33-2 To the extent deemed necessary for the purpose of school education, works published in textbooks shall not be used as substitute teaching materials for textbooks (meaning teaching materials that are used in accordance with Article 34, paragraph 2 or paragraph 3 of the School Education Act (including cases where these provisions are applied mutatis mutandis under Article 49, Article 49-8, Article 62, Article 70, paragraph 1 and Article 82 of the same Act). (including the cases where these provisions are applied mutatis mutandis in Article 49, Article 49-8, Article 62, Article 70 paragraph (1) and Article 82 of the same Act. (including the cases where it is applied mutatis mutandis pursuant to Article 49, Article 49-8, Article 62, Article 70, paragraph (1), and Article 82 of the Act) (hereinafter the same shall apply in this paragraph) (iii) "Educational materials" means the teaching materials prescribed in Article 34, paragraph (2) of the same Act, which may be used in place of the textbooks pursuant to the provisions of Article 49-8, Article 62, Article 70, paragraph (1), and Article 82 of the same Act. (Hereinafter the same shall apply in this paragraph and the next paragraph.) (2) The same shall apply hereinafter in this paragraph and the following paragraph), and may be used in conjunction with such use of the substitute textbooks, regardless of the method used.
(2) Any person who intends to publish a work published in a textbook as a substitute for a textbook pursuant to the preceding paragraph shall notify the publisher of the book in advance, and shall pay compensation to the copyright holder in an amount calculated in accordance with the method determined by the Commissioner of Cultural Affairs in consideration of the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the manner and circumstances of use of the work under the same paragraph, the amount of compensation provided in paragraph 2 of the preceding Article, and other circumstances. (2) The compensation shall be paid to the copyright holder in the amount calculated by the method determined by the Commissioner of the Agency for Cultural Affairs in consideration of the purpose of the provision of the preceding paragraph, the manner and circumstances of the use of the work under the preceding paragraph, the amount of compensation provided in paragraph (2) of the preceding Article and other circumstances.
(3) When the Commissioner of the Agency for Cultural Affairs has established the calculation method set forth in the preceding paragraph, he/she shall make it public through the use of the Internet or other appropriate means.
(Reproductions, etc. for the preparation of enlarged books, etc. for school subjects)
Article 33-3 A work published in a textbook may be reproduced for the use of children or students who have difficulty in using the work published in the said textbook due to visual impairment, developmental disabilities or other disabilities, by enlarging the characters, figures, etc. used in the said textbook or by other methods necessary for said children or students to use said work. (2) A work in a textbook may be reproduced for the use of children or students who have difficulties in using the work.
(2) Books for school use and other reproductions reproduced pursuant to the provisions of the preceding paragraph (limited to those reproducing the whole or a considerable part of the works published in said books for school use, except those reproduced in Braille) shall be referred to as "enlarged books for school use, etc.". Hereinafter in this paragraph referred to as "enlarged books for school subjects, etc."). In the case of distribution of such Extended Books for Curriculum Use, etc. for profit-making purposes, compensation shall be paid to the copyright holder of the work in an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified by the Commissioner of the Agency for Cultural Affairs in accordance with the amount of compensation provided in Article 33, paragraph (2). (2) In the case of distribution of expanded books, etc. for profit-making purposes, compensation shall be paid to the owner of copyright in an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified by the Commissioner of Cultural Affairs in accordance with the amount of compensation provided in Article 33(2).
(3) When the Commissioner of the Agency for Cultural Affairs has established the calculation method set forth in the preceding paragraph, he/she shall make it public through the use of the Internet or other appropriate means.
4 A person who provides electromagnetic records pertaining to a work published in a textbook pursuant to Article 5, paragraph (1) or (2) of the Act on Promotion of Dissemination of Specified Books for Children and Students with Disabilities (Act No. 81 of 2008) may use said work to the extent deemed necessary for such provision. (2) A person who provides electromagnetic records pertaining to a work published in a textbook pursuant to Article 5, paragraph (1) or (2) of the Act may
(Broadcasting of school educational programs, etc.)
Article 34 To the extent deemed necessary for the purpose of school education, a work that has been made public shall be broadcast or wire-broadcast in a broadcast program or wire-broadcast program for schools in accordance with the curriculum standards established by laws and regulations concerning school education, or shall be received simultaneously and exclusively in the broadcasting area pertaining to said broadcast (hereinafter referred to as the "broadcasting area"). (2) The area subject to broadcasting as provided for in Article 91, paragraph (2), item (ii) of the Broadcasting Act (Act No. 132 of 1950), and in the case of broadcasting for which this is not specified, the broadcasting area as provided for in Article 14, paragraph (3), item (ii) of the Radio Act (Act No. 131 of 1950). The same shall apply hereinafter). (iii) In the case of broadcasts that are not made available for public transmission (including those made available for transmission by inputting information into an automatic public transmission device connected to a telecommunications line that is available for public use; the same shall apply hereinafter) for the purpose of being received in a broadcasting area (meaning a broadcasting area stipulated in Article 14, paragraph (3), item (ii) of the Radio Act (Act No. 130 of 1950); the same shall apply hereinafter) (2) The same shall apply hereinafter), and may be published in educational materials for said broadcast programs or wire broadcast programs.
(2) Any person who uses a work pursuant to the preceding paragraph shall notify the author thereof and pay a reasonable amount of compensation to the copyright holder.
(Reproduction, etc. in schools and other educational institutions)
Article 35 When schools or other educational institutions (excluding those established for profit-making purposes) are used for the purpose of providing use in the course of classes, persons in charge of education and persons receiving classes at such institutions may, to the extent deemed necessary for the purpose of providing use in the course of such classes, reproduce and publicly transmit (automatic transmission) works that have been published. Article 35 Persons in charge of education and persons taking classes at schools and other educational institutions (excluding those established for profit-making purposes) may reproduce or publicly transmit (in the case of automatic public transmission, including making transmittable; the same shall apply hereinafter in this Article) published works to the extent deemed necessary for the purpose of using them in the course of such classes, provided that such reproduction or transmission is made in accordance with the provisions of this Article. The same shall apply hereinafter in this Article.) (2) In the case of a public transmission of a work, a person may reproduce or publicly transmit (including making transmittable in the case of automatic public transmission; the same shall apply hereinafter in this Article), or publicly transmit by means of a receiving apparatus, a work that has been published and is publicly transmitted. However, this shall not apply where the interests of the copyright holder would be unjustly impaired in light of the type and intended use of the work, the number of copies made and the mode of reproduction, public transmission or communication of the work.
(2) In the case of public transmission under the preceding paragraph, the person establishing the educational institution under the same paragraph shall pay a reasonable amount of compensation to the copyright holder.
(3) The provisions of the preceding paragraph shall not apply to the case where, with respect to a published work, the work is used in the course of classes at an educational institution under paragraph (1) by offering or presenting the original or reproduction of the work to persons directly attending such classes, or where the work is used by staging, performing, showing or dictating the work pursuant to Article 38, paragraph (1), to persons attending such classes at the same time at a place other than where the classes are held, (2) This shall not apply to the case where, in the course of a class at an educational institution, a work is used by offering or presenting the original work or a reproduction thereof to a person who directly receives said class, or by public transmission of said work to a person who simultaneously receives said class at a place other than where said class is held.
(e.g., reproduction as an examination question)
Article 36 With respect to works that have been made public, to the extent deemed necessary for the purpose of entrance examinations or other examinations or tests of academic knowledge and skills, they may not be reproduced as questions for said examinations or tests, or transmitted publicly (excluding broadcasting or wire broadcasting, including making transmittable in the case of automatic public transmission; the same shall apply in the following paragraph). The same shall apply in the following paragraph.) The same shall apply in the following paragraph. However, this shall not apply where the interests of the copyright holder would be unjustly impaired in light of the type and intended use of the work and the mode of said public transmission.
(2) Any person who makes a reproduction or public transmission set forth in the preceding paragraph for profit shall pay compensation to the copyright holder in an amount equivalent to the amount of the usual royalty fee.
(Reproductions, etc. for the visually impaired, etc.)
A published work may be reproduced in Braille.
(2) With respect to published works, works shall be recorded on recording media or transmitted publicly (excluding broadcasting or wire broadcasting, but including making transmittable in the case of automatic public transmission) by means of a method of processing Braille using a computer. The same shall apply in the following paragraph.) (2) The following is applicable to the Braille transmissions.
(3) Any person engaged in services for the welfare of persons who have difficulty in recognizing expressions by sight due to visual impairment or other disabilities (hereinafter referred to as "visually impaired persons, etc." in this paragraph and Article 102 paragraph (4)) 3. Any person engaged in business relating to the welfare of persons who have difficulty in recognizing expressions by sight due to visual impairment or other disabilities (hereinafter referred to as "visually impaired persons, etc." in this paragraph and Article 102, paragraph (4)), as specified by Cabinet Order  (Hereinafter referred to as "visual works" in this paragraph and paragraph (4) of the same Article). (2) A person may reproduce or publicly transmit a work (including a work which is a work other than a work reproduced in a work and which is provided or presented to the public together with such work; hereinafter in this paragraph and paragraph (4) of the same Article referred to as a "visual work") in a manner necessary for the use by persons with visual impairment, etc. such as by converting characters pertaining to said visual work into sound or by any other means necessary for use by such persons with visual impairment, etc. to the extent deemed necessary to provide such visual work exclusively for such persons with visual impairment who have difficulty using said work by said means. (2) A person who is visually impaired, etc. may reproduce or publicly transmit a visual work in a manner necessary for the use of such visually impaired, etc. However, this shall not apply to the case where said visual work has been provided or presented to the public by the copyright holder or a person who has obtained his/her authorization, or by a person who has been granted a publication right under Article 79 or a person who has obtained his/her reproduction license or public transmission license for said visual work, by said method.
(Reproductions, etc. for the hearing impaired, etc.)
Article 37-2 Any person engaged in business relating to the welfare of persons with hearing disabilities or other persons with disabilities in recognizing expressions by hearing (hereinafter referred to as "persons with hearing disabilities, etc." in this Article and the following Article, paragraph (5)) Article 37-2 Any person engaged in business relating to the welfare of persons with hearing disabilities or other persons with disabilities in the perception of expressions by hearing (hereinafter referred to as "persons with hearing disabilities, etc." in this Article and paragraph (5) of the following Article), who is specified by Cabinet Order according to the categories of use listed in the following items, shall not use any work which is a published work and which is provided or presented to the public by a method by which its expressions are recognized by hearing (including methods by which they are recognized by hearing and other perceptions) (2) The term "aural work" as used in this Article shall mean a work that is provided or presented to the public by means of a method by which the expression is recognized by the auditory sense (including a method by which the expression is recognized by the auditory sense and other senses) (including works other than said works that are reproduced in said works or are provided or presented to the public together with said works). Hereinafter in this Article referred to as "aural works"). (2) With respect to a work (including a work reproduced in a work and other works provided or presented to the public together with said work; hereinafter referred to as "aural work" in this Article), the use listed in each of the following items may be made to the extent deemed necessary for the use by persons with hearing impairment who have difficulty in using said aural work by said method. (2) The provisions of the preceding paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis to a work which has been reproduced or presented to the public in a manner necessary for use by persons with hearing disabilities, etc.; provided, however, that this shall not apply to the case where said aural work has been provided or presented to the public by the copyright holder or a person who has obtained his/her permission, or a person who has been granted a publication right under Article 79 or a reproduction license or public transmission license under the same Article. 
(i) reproduction or automatic public transmission (including making transmittable) of the sound pertaining to said auditory work by means of transcription or other methods necessary for said hearing-impaired persons, etc. to use it; or (ii) to reproduce or to perform automatic public transmission (including making transmittable) of the sound pertaining to said auditory work in accordance with the method necessary for the use of said hearing impaired persons, etc.
(ii) Reproduction exclusively for lending to said persons with hearing disabilities, etc. (limited to reproduction together with transcription of the sound pertaining to said auditory work or other reproduction of said sound by a method necessary for use by said persons with hearing disabilities, etc.). (2) The reproduction of a work for the purpose of lending it to persons with hearing impairment, etc.
(Performances not for profit, etc.)
Article 38 Works published shall not be sold for profit, and shall not be sold for a fee (meaning the consideration received for the provision or presentation of a work under any name; the same shall apply hereinafter in this Article) from an audience or spectators. The same shall apply hereinafter in this Article.) (2) A work may be publicly performed, played, screened, or dictated, provided that such performance, performance, screening, or dictation is not for profit-making purposes and does not receive a fee from the audience or spectators (meaning the consideration received for the provision or presentation of a work under any name). However, this shall not apply where remuneration is paid to the performer or to the person making oral statements with respect to such performance, performance, showing or oral statement.
(2) Works to be broadcast may be wire-broadcast or automatically transmitted publicly (including making transmittable by inputting information into an automatic public transmission device connected to a telecommunication line used by the public) exclusively for the purpose of being received in the area covered by the broadcast, provided that the work is not for profit and no fee is charged by the audience or viewers. (including those made available for transmission by inputting information into an automatic public transmission device connected to a telecommunications line that is used by the public) (2) The following is permitted.
(3) A work to be broadcast or wire-broadcast (including a work to be broadcast in the case of automatic public transmission of the work) may be transmitted publicly by means of a receiving apparatus if it is not for profit and no fee is charged by the audience or spectators. (3) A work broadcast or wire-broadcast (including such a work in the case where a work to be broadcast is an automatic public transmission) may be publicly transmitted by means of a receiving apparatus if it is not for profit and if no fee is charged by the audience or spectators. The same shall apply to the use of ordinary household receiving apparatus.
(4) A published work (excluding cinematographic works) (4) A work (excluding cinematographic works) may be made available to the public through the rental of copies (in the case of a work reproduced in a cinematographic work, excluding copies of said cinematographic work), provided that such rental is not made for profit and no fee is charged by the person from whom the copies are rented. (2) A work may be made available to the public through the rental of
5 Audiovisual educational facilities and other facilities (excluding those established for profit-making purposes) for the purpose of providing motion picture films and other audiovisual materials for use by the public (ii) Those specified by Cabinet Order in the preceding Article (limited to those pertaining to item (ii) of the same Article, excluding those who conduct such business for profit-making purposes) and those specified by Cabinet Order in the preceding Article who conduct business related to the welfare of the hearing-impaired, etc. (2) A person who is engaged in the business of welfare of the hearing-impaired, etc., as specified in the Cabinet Order under the preceding Article (limited to those pertaining to item (ii) of the same Article, excluding those engaged in such business for profit) may distribute a published film work by lending a copy thereof, provided that no fee is charged by the person who receives the lending of the copy. In this case, the person making such distribution shall pay to the person who has the right provided in Article 26 (including persons who have the same right as provided in Article 26 pursuant to Article 28) with respect to said film work or a work reproduced in said film work. (2) A person who has the right provided for in Article 26 (including a person who has the same right as provided for in Article 26 pursuant to Article 28) with respect to a work reproduced in said film or film shall pay a reasonable amount of compensation to the
(Reprints of editorials on current events, etc.)
Article 39 Editorials on current political, economic or social issues (excluding those of an academic nature) published in newspapers or magazines shall not be reproduced in other newspapers or magazines, or broadcast or wire-broadcast, or transmitted automatically and publicly (excluding those that are capable of automatic transmission) for the purpose of being received simultaneously and exclusively in the broadcasting area pertaining to said broadcast. Article 39 Any editorial article on political, economic or social current affairs (excluding those of an academic nature) published in a newspaper or magazine shall be reproduced in another newspaper or magazine, or broadcast, or wire-broadcast, or made available for automatic public transmission (including making transmittable by entering the information into an automatic public transmission device connected to a telecommunications line used by the public) for the purpose of being simultaneously received in the area covered by said broadcast exclusively. (including those made available for transmission by inputting information into an automatic public transmission device connected to a telecommunications line used for public use) (2) The use of the information in the following ways is permitted. However, this shall not apply where there is a notice prohibiting such use.
(2) Editorials broadcast or wire-broadcast or transmitted automatically and publicly pursuant to the preceding paragraph may be communicated to the public by means of a receiving device.
(Use of political speeches, etc.)
Article 40 Political speeches or statements made in public, and judicial proceedings (including a hearing or other proceedings equivalent to a judicial decision conducted by an administrative agency; the same shall apply in Article 42, paragraph (1)) shall be deemed to be political speeches or statements made in public. The same shall apply in Article 42 paragraph (1)). (2) Public statements made in public in a court proceeding (including a trial by an administrative agency or other judicial proceedings equivalent thereto; the same shall apply in Article 42, paragraph (1)) may be used, regardless of the method used, except when they are edited and used from the same author.
(2) Public speeches or statements made by a national or local government agency, incorporated administrative agency, or local incorporated administrative agency shall, except as provided for in the preceding paragraph, be published in newspapers or magazines, or broadcast, or wire-broadcast, or received simultaneously through such broadcast, if deemed justifiable for the purpose of news reporting. (2) Automatic public transmission (including making transmittable by inputting information into an automatic public transmission device connected to a telecommunications line available for public use) may be made exclusively for the purpose of being received in the area covered by the broadcast pertaining to said broadcast. (2) The following is permitted.
(3) Speeches or statements broadcast or wire-broadcast or transmitted automatically and publicly pursuant to the preceding paragraph may be communicated to the public by means of a receiving device.
(Use for reporting current events)
Article 41 When reporting a current event by means of photographs, films, broadcasts or other methods, works that constitute the event or are seen or heard in the course of the event may be reproduced and used in conjunction with the reporting of the event to the extent justified for the purpose of reporting the event.
(Reproduction in court proceedings, etc.)
Article 42 A work may be reproduced to the extent deemed necessary for judicial proceedings and as internal data for legislative or administrative purposes. Article 42 A work may be reproduced only to the extent that it is deemed necessary; provided, however, that this shall not apply where the reproduction would unjustly prejudice the interests of the copyright holder in light of the kind and use of the work and the number and manner of its reproduction.
(2) The same shall apply to cases deemed necessary for the following procedures.
(i) examination by an administrative agency with respect to a patent, design or trademark, technical evaluation with respect to a utility model, or international application (meaning an international application as provided in Article 2 of the Act on International Applications, etc. under the Patent Cooperation Treaty (Act No. 30 of 1978)) (2) Procedures for international searches or international preliminary examinations with respect to
(ii) an examination concerning a variety (which means a variety prescribed in Article 2 paragraph (2) of the Plant Variety Protection and Seed Act (Act No. 83 of 1998)) or a registered variety (which means a registered variety prescribed in Article 20 paragraph (1) of the said Act) conducted by an administrative agency (iii) procedures concerning the examination of a variety (which means a variety prescribed in Article 2 paragraph (2) of the Plant Variety Protection and Seed Act (Act No. 83 of 1998)) or the investigation of a registered variety (which means a registered variety prescribed in Article 20 paragraph (1) of the said Act) by an administrative agency (Procedures for Investigations Concerning
(iii) Specified agricultural, forestry and fishery products, etc. (meaning specified agricultural, forestry and fishery products, etc. prescribed in Article 2, paragraph (2) of the Act on the Protection of the Names of Specified Agricultural, Forestry and Fishery Products, etc. (Act No. 84 of 2009). The same shall apply hereinafter in this item.) (iii) Procedures for registration under Article 6 of the Act on the Protection of Names of Specified Agricultural, Forestry and Fishery Products, etc. (Act No. 84 of 1951) or designation under Article 23, paragraph 1 of the said Act with respect to foreign Specified Agricultural, Forestry and Fishery Products, etc
(iv) Pharmaceutical affairs (meaning medical devices (meaning medical devices prescribed in Article 2, paragraph (4) of the Act on Quality, Efficacy and Safety Assurance, etc. of Pharmaceuticals, Medical Devices, etc. (Act No. 145 of 1960)) and regenerative medical products (meaning regenerative medical products prescribed in paragraph (9) of the same Article) conducted by administrative agencies or incorporated administrative agencies (2) The term "regenerative medicine, etc." shall mean regenerative medicine, etc. (meaning regenerative medicine, etc. as prescribed in paragraph (9) of the same Article). (including matters related to medical devices prescribed in Article 2, paragraph (4) of the Medical Devices Control Act (Act No. 135 of 1948)) and regenerative medical products (meaning regenerative medical products prescribed in paragraph (9) of the same Article). (hereinafter the same shall apply in this item). (iii) Procedures for examination or investigation or reporting to an administrative agency or an incorporated administrative agency with respect to pharmaceutical affairs
(v) In addition to what is listed in the preceding items, procedures specified by a Cabinet Order as similar thereto.
(Use for disclosure under the Administrative Organs Information Disclosure Act, etc.)
Article 42-2 When the head of an Administrative Organ, an Incorporated Administrative Agency, etc., or an organ of a local public entity or a Local Incorporated Administrative Agency intends to provide or present a work to the public pursuant to the provisions of the Act on Access to Information on Administrative Organs, the Act on Access to Information on Incorporated Administrative Agencies, etc., or the Information Access Ordinance, it shall provide the work to the public in accordance with the provisions of Article 14, paragraph 1 of the Act on Access to Information on Administrative Organs (including the provisions of a Cabinet Order under the same paragraph) and the provisions of Article 14, paragraph 2 of the same Act. Article 14, paragraph (1) of the Administrative Organs Information Access Act (including the provisions of a Cabinet Order based on the same paragraph) (iii) The method prescribed in Article 14, paragraph 1 of the Act on Access to Information by Incorporated Administrative Agencies, etc. (including the method prescribed in Article 15, paragraph 1 of the Act on Access to Information by Incorporated Administrative Agencies, etc. (including the method specified by the said Incorporated Administrative Agency, etc. based on the provisions of the same paragraph (excluding those methods other than those specified by a Cabinet Order based on Article 14, paragraph 1 of the Act on Access to Information by Administrative Agencies)) (including the method specified by a Cabinet Order pursuant to Article 14, paragraph 1 of the Administrative Organs Information Disclosure Act))  (excluding those methods other than the method prescribed in Article 14, paragraph 1 of the Administrative Organs Information Disclosure Act (including the provisions of the Cabinet Order under the same paragraph)) 
(Use for preservation, etc. under the Public Records Management Act, etc.)
Article 42-3 The head of the National Archives, etc. or the head of the Local Archives, etc. may reproduce works pertaining to said Historical Public Records, etc. to the extent deemed necessary for the purpose of preserving the Historical Public Records, etc. pursuant to the provisions of Article 15, paragraph 1 of the Public Records Management Act or the provisions of the Public Records Management Ordinance (limited to the provisions corresponding to the provisions of the same paragraph). (2) In the case where the purpose is to preserve historical public records, etc. in accordance with the provisions of Article 15, paragraph 1 of the Public Records Management Act or the provisions of the Public Records Management Ordinance (limited to the provisions corresponding to the same paragraph), works pertaining to said historical public records, etc. may be reproduced to the extent deemed necessary.
(2) The head of the National Archives, etc. or the head of the Local Archives, etc. shall, in accordance with the provisions of Article 16, paragraph 1 of the Public Records Management Act or the provisions of the Public Records Management Ordinance (limited to the provisions corresponding to the provisions of the same paragraph) Article 19 of the Public Records Management Act (including the provisions of the Cabinet Order based on the same Article; hereinafter the same shall apply in this paragraph), respectively, when the purpose is to provide or present a work to the public in accordance with the provisions of Article 16, paragraph 1 of the Public Records Management Act or the provisions of the Public Records Management Ordinance (limited to the provisions corresponding to the same paragraph). The same shall apply hereinafter in this paragraph). (2) In the case where the purpose is to provide or present the materials to the public, the method prescribed in Article 19 of the Public Records Management Act (including the provisions of the Cabinet Order based on the same Article) or the method prescribed in the Public Records Management Ordinance (excluding the method other than the one prescribed in the same Article) (2) A work may be used to the extent deemed necessary to have the work used in accordance with the method prescribed in Article 19 of the Public Records Management Act (including the provisions of the Cabinet Order based on the said Article) or the method prescribed in the Public Records Management Ordinance (excluding the method prescribed in the said Article).
(Reproduction for the collection of Internet resources and online resources under the National Diet Library Act)
Article 43 The director of the National Diet Library may, pursuant to the provision of paragraph 1 of Article 25-3 of the National Diet Library Act (Act No. 5 of 1948), record Internet materials (hereinafter in this Article referred to as "Internet materials") provided in the same paragraph. (2) The Director of the National Diet Library may record works pertaining to said Internet materials or said online materials on recording media for the use of the National Diet Library to the extent deemed necessary for the collection of Internet materials (hereinafter referred to as "Internet materials" in this Article) or online materials provided for in paragraph 3 of Article 25-4 of the same Act.
(2) The following persons may reproduce works pertaining to the materials listed in each of the following items to the extent deemed necessary for providing the materials listed in the respective items
(i) Persons provided for in Article 24 and Article 24-2 of the National Diet Library Act: Internet materials provided in response to a request set forth in paragraph 3 of Article 25-3 of the same Act
(ii) Persons other than those provided for in Article 24 and Article 24-2 of the National Diet Library Act: online materials provided pursuant to the provisions of Article 25-4, paragraph 1 of the same Act.
(Temporary fixation by broadcasters, etc.)
Article 44 A broadcaster may make temporary sound or video recordings of works which may be broadcast without prejudice to the rights provided for in Article 23 paragraph (1) for its own broadcast by its own means or by the means of another broadcaster which may also broadcast such works.
(2) A wire broadcasting operator may, without prejudice to the rights provided in Article 23 paragraph (1), make temporary sound or video recordings of works that may be wire-broadcast for its own wire-broadcasting (excluding those made by receiving broadcasts) by its own means. (2) A cable broadcasting operator may temporarily make sound or video recordings by its own means of works that may be wire-broadcasted without prejudice to the rights provided in Article 23, paragraph (1).
(3) A sound recording or video recording made pursuant to the provisions of the preceding two paragraphs may not be preserved for a period exceeding six months after the sound recording or video recording was made (or six months after a broadcast or cable broadcast if such broadcast or cable broadcast was made using the sound recording or video recording within that period). However, this shall not apply to the case of preservation in a public record storage facility as specified by a Cabinet Order.
(Exhibition by the owner of the original work of art, etc.)
Article 45 The owner of an original work of art or a photographic work, or a person who has obtained his/her consent, may publicly exhibit such works by means of the original work.
(2) The provisions of the preceding paragraph shall not apply to the permanent installation of an original work of art on a street, in a park or other outdoor place open to the general public, or on an exterior wall of a building or other outdoor place easily visible to the general public.
(Use of publicly available works of art, etc.)
Article 46 A work of art whose original work is permanently installed in an outdoor place as provided for in paragraph (2) of the preceding Article or a work of architecture may be used, regardless of which method is used, except in the following cases
(i) when making an enlargement of a sculpture or offering it to the public through the transfer of such enlargement
(ii) reproducing a work of architecture by construction or offering it to the public by transferring the reproduction
(iii) In the case of reproduction for permanent installation in an outdoor location as prescribed in paragraph (2) of the preceding article
(iv) reproduction or sale of reproductions of a work of art exclusively for the purpose of selling the reproductions of the work of art
(Reproductions, etc. in connection with the exhibition of works of art, etc.)
Article 47 Any person who publicly exhibits, by means of original works of art or photographic works, such works without prejudice to the rights provided for in Article 25 (hereinafter referred to as "exhibitor of original works" in this Article) shall exhibit such works (hereinafter referred to as "exhibited works" in this Article and Article 47-6, paragraph (2), item (i)) for the benefit of visitors.  (2) Any person who, pursuant to the provisions of the following paragraph, shows said exhibited works in booklets for the purpose of providing explanations or introductions of such works (hereinafter referred to as "exhibited works" in this Article and Article 47-6, paragraph (2), item (i)), or automatically transmits (including making transmittable) said exhibited works to the public, or makes such works available to the general public, shall be deemed to have made such works available to the public. The same shall apply in the same paragraph and the same item). (2) The works on display may be reproduced to the extent that it is deemed necessary for the purpose of However, this shall not apply where the reproduction would unjustly prejudice the interests of the copyright holder in light of the type and use of the said exhibited work and the number of copies and the manner of reproduction.
(2) The exhibitor of an original work may, to the extent deemed necessary for the purpose of providing commentary or introduction of the exhibited work for the benefit of visitors, screen the exhibited work or make an automatic public transmission of the exhibited work. However, this shall not apply where the interests of the copyright holder would be unreasonably impaired in light of the type and intended use of said exhibited works and the manner of said showing or automatic public transmission.
(3) The exhibitor of the original work and those specified by Cabinet Order as equivalent thereto may reproduce or publicly transmit (including making transmittable in the case of automatic public transmission) the exhibited work to the extent deemed necessary to provide the public with information concerning the location of the exhibited work. (2) The works on display may be reproduced or publicly transmitted (including making transmittable in the case of automatic public transmission) to the extent that this is deemed necessary for the purpose of providing information to the public. However, this shall not apply where the interests of the copyright holder would be unjustly impaired in light of the type and intended use of said works on display and the manner of said reproduction or public transmission.
(Reproduction, etc. in connection with an offer of transfer, etc. of a work of art, etc.)
Article 47-2 Where the owner of an original work or a reproduction of an artistic work or a photographic work or any other person who has the right to transfer or lend such original work or reproduction intends to transfer or lend such original work or reproduction without prejudice to the rights provided in Article 26-2 paragraph (1) or Article 26-3, the person who has such right or the person entrusted by such person may, for the purpose of making such offer (2) In the event that a person who has the said title or a person entrusted by such a person intends to transfer or lend the original work or reproduction thereof without prejudice to the rights provided for in Article 26-2 paragraph (1) or 26-3, the person who has the said title or a person entrusted by such a person shall reproduce or transmit publicly (including making transmittable, in the case of automatic public transmission) such works for the use of such offer. (limited to the reproduction of such works by means of the reproduction made by such reproduction or by means of measures specified by Cabinet Order as measures to prevent or deter the reproduction of such works by using the reproduction made by such reproduction or by receiving such public transmission or other measures not to unreasonably prejudice the interests of the copyright owner). (2) A person who has received a work from a copyright holder (excluding a person who has received a work from a third party) may
(Reproduction, etc. by the owner of a copy of a program work)
Article 47-3 The owner of a reproduction of a work of a program may reproduce the work to the extent deemed necessary for his/her own execution of the work on a computer. However, this shall not apply where the provisions of Article 113 paragraph (5) apply to the use of the reproduction for such execution.
(2) After the owner of a reproduction set forth in the preceding paragraph ceases to have the right of ownership of any of the said reproductions (including reproductions made pursuant to the provisions of the said paragraph) for any reason other than loss (2) After the owner of any of the reproductions set forth in the preceding paragraph has ceased to have the right of ownership of such reproductions (including reproductions made under the provisions of the said paragraph) for any reason other than loss, he/she shall not preserve any other reproductions unless the copyright holder has expressed his/her intention otherwise.
(Use incidental to the use of a work on a computer, etc.)
Article 47-4 The use of computers (including use by means of information and telecommunications technology; hereinafter the same shall apply in this Article) shall be governed by the following rules The same shall apply hereinafter in this Article). Article 47-4 Works to be made available for use in computers (including use by means of information and communication technology; hereinafter the same shall apply in this Article) may be used, regardless of the method used, in the following cases and other cases where the works are intended to be used incidental to said use in computers in order to facilitate or efficiently use said works in computers in the same manner, to the extent deemed necessary for such use. (2) The following provisions shall apply to the use of works However, this shall not apply where such use would unreasonably prejudice the interests of the copyright holder in light of the type and use of the work and the manner of such use.
(i) in the case where a work is used in a computer by means of a reproduction of the said work or where a work is transmitted by wireless or wire telecommunications and the said transmission is received and used, when, in the course of information processing by the said computer for such use, the said work is recorded on the recording media of the said computer in order to facilitate or efficiently carry out the said information processing (ii) when the works are recorded on the recording medium of said computer for the purpose of facilitating or efficient processing of said information in the course of information processing by said computer for such use.
(ii) when a person who provides automatic public transmission devices for the automatic public transmission of others in the course of business, in order to prevent delay or obstruction in the automatic public transmission of such others or to efficiently relay automatic public transmissions of works made available for transmission, in order to make such automatic public transmissions of works made available for transmission When recording on a recording medium
(iii) when providing information by means of information and telecommunications technology, when recording or adapting the information onto a recording medium for the purpose of processing information by a computer necessary for the preparation of smooth or efficient provision of said information
(2) Works made available for use on computers may be used, regardless of the method used, in the following cases and other cases where the purpose is to maintain or restore the state in which the said works can be used on computers in the same manner, to the extent deemed necessary for such purposes (2) In the case where a work is used for the purpose of maintaining or restoring the state in which the work can be used on an electronic computer, the work may be used regardless of the method used. However, this shall not apply where such use would unreasonably prejudice the interests of the copyright holder in light of the type and use of the work and the manner of such use.
(i) in order to perform maintenance or repair of equipment with built-in recording media (hereinafter referred to as "built-in recording media" in this item and the following item) (ii) when works recorded on a recording medium other than said internal recording medium (hereinafter in this item and the following item referred to as "internal recording medium") are temporarily recorded on said internal recording medium in order to perform maintenance or repair of equipment with internal recording medium, and after said maintenance or repair, when said works are recorded on said internal recording medium
(ii) When works recorded on an internal recording medium are temporarily recorded on a recording medium other than said internal recording medium in order to exchange the equipment with built-in recording medium for equipment with similar functions, and recorded on the internal recording medium of the equipment with said similar functions
(iii) when a person who provides an automatic public transmission device for the automatic public transmission of another person in the course of business records a work on a recording medium to provide for restoration of a work in the event that a copy of a work made available for transmission by said automatic public transmission device has been lost or damaged.
(Minor use, etc. incidental to information processing by computers and provision of the results thereof)
Article 47-5 Any person who commits any of the acts listed in the following items which contribute to the promotion of the exploitation of works by creating new knowledge or information through information processing by means of a computer (including a person who commits a part of said acts, limited to a person who commits said acts in accordance with the standards specified by Cabinet Order) (i) those who provide, etc. to the public (meaning the provision or presentation to the public, including making transmittable; the same shall apply hereinafter. The same shall apply hereinafter). (hereinafter in this Article and paragraph (2), item (ii) of the following Article referred to as "works made available to the public, etc.") (limited to works that have been published or made transmittable) (2) The use (limited to minor use in light of the percentage of the portion of the work made available to the public, the quantity of the portion made available for use, the accuracy of the representation when made available for use, and other factors) of a work made available to the public, etc. (referred to as a "work made available to the public, etc." in this Article and paragraph (2), item (ii) of the following Article) in connection with such acts, in any manner, to the extent deemed necessary for the purpose of the acts listed in the relevant items. (limited to minor exploitation in light of the percentage of the portion of the work used in the exploitation, the amount of the portion used in the exploitation, the accuracy of the representation of the work when used, and other factors) (Hereinafter referred to as "Minor Use" in this Article.) (hereinafter in this Article referred to as "Minor Exploitation"). However, in the case of making the Minor Exploitation while knowing that the making available to the public pertaining to said Work for Making Available to the Public infringes copyright (in the case of making available to the public outside Japan, the making available to the public outside Japan would constitute copyright infringement if it had been made in Japan), or in the case of making the Minor Exploitation in light of the type and intended use of said Work for Making Available to the Public, and the manner of said Minor Exploitation, the copyright owner of the Work for Making Available to the Public shall be deemed to be the copyright owner. (2) The provisions of the preceding paragraph shall not apply to the case where the minor use is made with knowledge of the type and intended use of the work made available to the public and the manner of such minor use, and where such minor use would unjustly prejudice the interests of the copyright owner in light of the type and intended use of the work and the manner of such minor use.
(i) information sought by a search (hereinafter in this item referred to as "retrieval information") by means of a computer (ii) the title of the work or the name of the author, the transmission source identification code (meaning a character, number, symbol or other code to identify the transmission source of an automatic public transmission; the same shall apply in Article 113 paragraphs (2) and (4)) pertaining to the search information made available for transmission, and the name of the copyright holder (meaning a person who is the copyright holder of the work) The same shall apply in Article 113 paragraphs (2) and (4)) (2) Retrieving other information concerning the identification or location of the retrieved information, and providing the results of such retrieval.
(ii) perform computer analysis of information and provide the results of such analysis.
(iii) In addition to what is listed in the preceding two items, acts of creating new knowledge or information and providing the results thereof through information processing by computers, which are specified by a Cabinet Order as contributing to the improvement of convenience in the lives of citizens.
(2) Any person who prepares for any of the acts listed in the items of the preceding paragraph (limited to those who collect, arrange and provide information for the preparation of said acts in accordance with the standards specified by Cabinet Order) (2) A person who prepares the acts listed in the items of the preceding paragraph (limited to a person who collects, arranges and provides information for the preparation of such acts in accordance with the standards specified by Cabinet Order) may reproduce or publicly transmit (in the case of automatic public transmission, including making transmittable) a work for public dissemination, etc. to the extent deemed necessary for the preparation of minor use under the same paragraph. The same shall apply hereinafter in this paragraph and in paragraph (2), item (ii) of the following Article. (2) A person may reproduce or publicly transmit (including making transmittable in the case of automatic public transmission) or distribute a reproduction of a work for public dissemination, provided, however, that this shall not apply to a work for public dissemination, etc. However, this shall not apply where the interests of the copyright holder would be unjustly impaired in light of the type and intended use of the work to be publicly offered, the number of copies made or distributed, and the mode of reproduction, public transmission or distribution.
(Use by translation, adaptation, etc.)
Article 47-6 In cases where a work may be exploited in accordance with the provisions listed in the following items, the work may be exploited in the manner provided in the respective items in accordance with the provisions of the said items.
(i) Article 30(1), Article 33(1) (including the cases where it is applied mutatis mutandis pursuant to paragraph (4) of the said Article), Article 34(1), Article 35(1) or Article 35(2) (ii) Article 30, paragraph (1), Article 34, paragraph (1), Article 35, paragraph (1), or paragraph (2) of the preceding Article translation, arrangement, transformation, or adaptation
(ii) Article 31, paragraph 1, item 1 or the second sentence of paragraph 3, Article 32, Article 36, paragraph 1, Article 37, paragraph 1 or paragraph 2, Article 39, paragraph 1, Article 40, paragraph 2, Article 41 or Article 42 Translation
(iii) Article 33-2(1), Article 33-3(1) or Article 47 Transformation or adaptation
(iv) Article 37(3) Translation, transformation or adaptation
(v) Article 37-2 Translation or adaptation
(vi) Article 47-3(1) adaptation
(2) A derivative work created under the preceding paragraph shall be deemed to be a derivative work if the original work of the derivative work is modified in accordance with the provisions listed in each item of the said paragraph (in the case of a derivative work listed in each of the following items, including the provisions specified in the said items). The same shall apply hereinafter in this paragraph and Article 48(3)(ii)). (2) In cases where a derivative work may be exploited in accordance with the provisions of the preceding paragraph (including the provisions stipulated in the following items in the case of derivative works listed in the following items), the said derivative work shall be deemed to be a work stipulated in the provisions listed in the items of the preceding paragraph in relation to the author of the original work and other persons having rights stipulated in Article 28 with respect to the exploitation of such derivative work, and exploitation may be made in accordance with the provisions listed in the items of the said paragraph. (2) In the case of a secondary work, the following provisions shall apply.
(i) in the case where, pursuant to the provisions of Article 47 paragraph (1), an exhibited work may be reproduced for the purpose of showing or automatic public transmission of the exhibited work under paragraph (2) of the said Article, a derivative work created under the provisions of the preceding paragraph, paragraph (2) of the said Article
(ii) In the case where a work may be reproduced, publicly transmitted or distributed by reproduction of a work for public dissemination, etc. pursuant to paragraph (2) of the preceding Article, a derivative work created pursuant to the preceding paragraph, paragraph (1) of the same Article.
(Transfer of reproductions made under the restriction on reproduction rights)
 (hereinafter the same shall apply in this Article).   The same shall apply hereinafter in this Article) (2) A work which may be reproduced pursuant to the provisions of Article 35, Article 35(1), Article 35(1), Article 36(1), Article 36(1), Article 36(1), Article 37, Article 37-2, Article 37-2(2), Article 37-3(2), Article 37-4, Article 37-5, Article 39(1), Article 40(1), Article 41 to Article 42-2, Article 42-3(2), Article 46, Article 47(1) or (3), Article 47-2, Article 47-4, or Article 47-5 shall be reproduced in accordance with the provisions of these Articles. (2) A work which may be reproduced pursuant to the provisions of Article 46, Article 47-1, Article 47-2, Article 47-4 or Article 47-5 shall be a work which has been reproduced in accordance with the application of these provisions (in the case of the provisions of Article 31, paragraph 1 or the second sentence of paragraph 3, Article 36, paragraph 1 or Article 42, a reproduction of a film work (in the case of a work which is reproduced in a film work, a reproduction of such film work shall be included). The same shall apply hereinafter in this Article) (excluding, however, reproductions of works in motion pictures, including reproductions of said motion picture works). (2) A person may provide to the public by transferring a reproduction of a cinematographic work (excluding a work reproduced in a cinematographic work, including a reproduction of said cinematographic work).  (2) A reproduction of a work (excluding a reproduction of a cinematographic work in the case of the second sentence of Article 31 paragraph (1) or (3) or Article 42) made under the provisions of Articles 31 paragraph (1) or (3) or the provisions of Article 42, Article 37 paragraph (3), Articles 41 through 42-2, Article 42-3 paragraph (2), Article 47 paragraph (1) or (3), Article 47-2, Article 47-4 or Article 47-5. Article 30-3, Article 31 paragraph (1) or the second sentence of paragraph (3), Article 33-2 paragraph (1), Article 33-3 paragraph (1) or (4), Article 35 paragraph (1), Article 37 paragraph (3), Article 37-2, Articles 41 to 42-2 inclusive, Article 42-3 paragraph (2), Article 47 paragraph (1) or (3), Article 47 (2) The provisions of this Article shall not apply to the case where a work is transferred to the public for a purpose other than those provided for in Article 41 through Article 42-2, Article 42-3, paragraph (2), Article 47, paragraph (1) or (3), Article 47-2, Article 47-4, or Article 47-5, or where a copy of a work made under Article 30-4 is transferred to the public for the purpose of enjoying oneself or having others enjoy the ideas or sentiments expressed in the said work, This shall not apply.
(Indicate source)
Article 48 In the following cases, the source of the work stipulated in each of the following items shall be clearly indicated in a manner and to a degree deemed reasonable in accordance with the mode of reproduction or exploitation
(i) Article 32, Article 33 paragraph (1) (including the cases where it is applied mutatis mutandis pursuant to paragraph (4) of the same Article) (ii) where a work is reproduced pursuant to Article 32, Article 33-2(1), Article 33-3(1), Article 37(1), Article 42 or Article 47(1)
(ii) where works are exploited pursuant to Article 34 paragraph (1), Article 37 paragraph (3), Article 37-2, Article 39 paragraph (1), Article 40 paragraph (1) or (2), Article 47 paragraph (2) or (3), or Article 47-2
(iii) when a work is used by a method other than reproduction in accordance with Article 32, or when a work is used in accordance with Article 35 paragraph (1), Article 36 paragraph (1), Article 38 paragraph (1), Article 41, Article 46, or Article 47-5 paragraph (1), when the practice is to clearly indicate the source of the work
(2) In clearly indicating the source under the preceding paragraph, the name of the author as it appears on the work shall be indicated, except where the name of the author becomes clear as a result of such indication or where the work is an anonymous one.
(3) In the following cases, the source of the original work of the derivative work stipulated in each of the preceding two paragraphs shall be clearly indicated in accordance with the provisions of the said paragraphs
(i) in the case where a derivative work created under Article 40 paragraph (1), Article 46 or Article 47-5 paragraph (1) is exploited under these provisions
(ii) where a derivative work created under Article 47-6(1) is exploited under the provisions of each item of Article 47-6(1), subject to the provisions of paragraph (2) of the said Article
(Use of reproductions for other purposes, etc.)
Article 49 The following persons shall be deemed to have made a reproduction under Article 21
(i) In cases where the provisions of Article 30, paragraph 1, Article 30-3, Article 31, paragraph 1, item 1 or the second sentence of paragraph 3, Article 33-2, paragraph 1, Article 33-3, paragraph 1 or paragraph 4, Article 35, paragraph 1, Article 37, paragraph 3, the main clause of Article 37-2 (in the case of item 2 of the same Article, the same item. The same shall apply in item (i) of the following paragraph) (i) reproductions of a work made under the application of these provisions for purposes other than those specified in Articles 41 through 42-3, Article 43(2), Article 44(1) or (2), Article 47(1) or (3), Article 47-2, or Article 47-5(1) (excluding reproductions falling under item (i) or (ii) of the following paragraph) (excluding reproductions falling under item (i) or (ii) of the following paragraph) for purposes other than those provided for in Article 47-5(1). (2) The distribution of reproductions (excluding those falling under the reproductions set forth in item (i) or (ii) of the following paragraph) of a work made under these provisions, or the presentation to the public (including making transmittable. The same shall apply hereinafter). A person who distributes a reproduction of a work (excluding those falling under the reproductions set forth in
(ii) A reproduction of a work made under the provisions of Article 30-4 (excluding a reproduction falling under item (iii) of the following paragraph) (iii) A person who uses a work (excluding those falling under the reproductions set forth in item (iii) of the following paragraph) for the purpose of enjoying himself/herself or causing others to enjoy the ideas or sentiments expressed in the said work, regardless of the method used.
(iii) A broadcaster or cable operator that has stored sound or video recordings in violation of Article 44, paragraph (3)
(iv) A person who distributes a reproduction of a work made under the provisions of Article 47-3 paragraph (1) (excluding those falling under a reproduction set forth in item (iv) of the following paragraph) or presents to the public a work by means of such a reproduction (iv) a person who distributes or presents to the public a reproduction of a work made under the provisions of Article 47-3, paragraph (1) (excluding those falling under a reproduction set forth in item (iv) of the following paragraph).
(v) a person who has, in violation of the provisions of Article 47-3, paragraph (2), made a reproduction set forth in the same paragraph (excluding those falling under the reproduction set forth in item (iv) of the following paragraph) (vii) a person who has preserved
(vi) A reproduction of a work made under the provisions of Article 47-4 or Article 47-5, paragraph (2), for a purpose other than the purpose prescribed in those paragraphs (excluding those falling under the reproductions set forth in item (vi) or (vii) of the following paragraph) (iii) A person who exploits a work by using, in any manner whatsoever, the work
(2) The following persons shall be deemed to have made a translation, arrangement, transformation or adaptation under Article 27 with respect to the original work of such derivative work, and a reproduction under Article 21 with respect to such derivative work
(i) to distribute copies of a derivative work made under Article 30 paragraph (1), Article 31 paragraph (1) item (i) or the second sentence of paragraph (3), Article 33-2 paragraph (1), Article 33-3 paragraph (1), Article 35 paragraph (1), Article 37 paragraph (3), the main clause of Article 37-2, Article 41, Article 42 or Article 47 paragraph (1) or (3) for a purpose other than the purpose provided in Article 47 (2) A person who distributes a reproduction of a derivative work made under each item of paragraph (1) of Article 47-6, or presents to the public such a derivative work by means of such a reproduction, for purposes other than those provided for in the main clause of Article 37-2, Article 37-3, Article 41, Article 42, or Article 47 paragraph (1) or (3) of this Act
(ii) a person who distributes copies of a derivative work made under the provisions of Article 30-3 or Article 47-5 paragraph (1) for a purpose other than those provided for in those provisions, or presents to the public such a derivative work by means of such copies.
(iii) a person who, using a copy of a derivative work made under the provisions of Article 30-4, exploits the derivative work for the purpose of enjoying himself/herself or causing others to enjoy the ideas or sentiments expressed in the derivative work, in any manner whatsoever.
(iv) a person who distributes a reproduction of a derivative work made under Article 47-3(1) or presents to the public a derivative work made under Article 47-3(1) by means of such reproduction, subject to the provisions of Article 47-6(2)
(v) a person who has preserved the reproduction set forth in the preceding item in violation of the provisions of Article 47-3, paragraph (2)
(vi) a person who exploits, by any means, a derivative work by using a reproduction of the derivative work made under the provisions of Article 47-4 for a purpose other than the purpose prescribed in the said Article
(vii) a person who exploits, by any means, a copy of a derivative work made under Article 47-5(2) for a purpose other than those provided for in Article 47-5(2) by using a copy of the derivative work made under Article 47-5(2), subject to the provisions of Article 47-6(2)
(Relationship to moral rights)
The provisions of this subsection shall not be construed as affecting moral rights.
Section 4 Term of Protection
(Principle of the term of protection)
The duration of a copyright shall begin at the time of creation of the work.
(2) Except as otherwise provided in this Section, a copyright shall be granted after the death of the author (or, in the case of a joint work, after the death of the last deceased author; the same shall apply in the following paragraph (1)). The same shall apply in paragraph (1) of the following Article) (2) Except as otherwise provided in this Section, a copyright shall continue for a period of seventy years after the death of the author (in the case of a joint work, after the death of the last deceased author).
(Term of protection for works with no name or variable name)
Copyright in an anonymous or oddly-named work shall continue to exist until seventy years have elapsed from the publication of the work. However, a copyright in an anonymous or oddly-named work which is deemed to have expired seventy years after the author's death before the expiration of such duration shall be deemed to have been extinguished when seventy years have elapsed after the author's death.
(2) The provisions of the preceding paragraph shall not apply in any of the following cases
(i) when the author's variant name in a work with a variant name is well known as that of the author
(ii) Where the actual name under Article 75, paragraph (1) has been registered within the period set forth in the preceding paragraph.
(iii) when the author has made the work public by indicating his/her real name or a well-known alias as the name of the author within the period mentioned in the preceding paragraph.
(Term of protection for works in the name of an organization)
Article 53 The copyright in a work for which a title to the work is held by a juridical person or other organization shall continue for seventy years after the publication of the work (or seventy years after the creation of the work if the work has not been published within seventy years after its creation).
(2) The preceding paragraph shall not apply to the case where an individual who is the author of a work for which a juridical person or other organization holds the title of author has published the work within the period specified in the said paragraph, indicating his/her real name or a well-known alias as the author's name.
(3) With respect to the duration of copyright in a work of which the author is a juridical person or other organization under Article 15 paragraph (2), the provisions of the said paragraph shall apply to a work other than a work falling under paragraph (1) as if the said organization were entitled to the title to the work.
(Term of protection for cinematographic works)
The copyright in a cinematographic work shall continue to exist until the expiration of seventy years after the publication of the work (or seventy years after the creation of the work, if the work has not been published within seventy years after its creation).
(2) When the copyright in a cinematographic work expires due to the expiration of its duration, the copyright in the original work of authorship in the exploitation of the cinematographic work shall be deemed to have expired together with the copyright in the cinematographic work.
(3) The provisions of the preceding two Articles shall not apply to copyrights in cinematographic works.
Article 55 Deleted.
(At the time of publication of continuing publications, etc.)
Article 56 The time of publication under Article 52(1), 53(1) and 54(1) shall be the time of publication of each volume, each issue or each time for works to be published in successive volumes, issues or times, and shall be the time of publication of the final part for works completed by successive publication of one part at a time.
(2) With respect to a work which is completed by successive publication of parts, if the part to be continued has not been published within three years from the time of the most recent publication, the last part of the part already published shall be deemed to be the last part mentioned in the preceding paragraph.
(Method of calculating the term of protection)
Article 57 In the case of Article 51(2), 52(1), 53(1) or 54(1), when calculating the end of the period of seventy years after the death of the author or seventy years after the publication or creation of the work, the period shall be calculated from the year following the year in which the author died or the work was published or created, respectively 
(Special exception to the term of protection)
Article 58 Any work (excluding those falling under item (i) of Article 6) which is attributed under the provisions of the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works, the World Intellectual Property Organization Convention on Copyright, or the Marrakesh Agreement Establishing the World Trade Organization to a foreign state which is a member of the International Union created by the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works, a contracting state of the World Intellectual Property Organization Convention on Copyright, or a member state of the World Trade Organization, respectively (2) Works (excluding those falling under Article 6, item (i)) whose originating country is a signatory to the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works, the World Intellectual Property Organization on Copyright, or the Marrakesh Agreement Establishing the World Trade Organization, respectively. (2) With respect to a work (excluding those falling under Article 6 (i)), the duration of the copyright as determined in the country of origin shall be the duration of the copyright as determined in that country, if the duration of the copyright as determined in that country is shorter than the duration of the copyright as determined in Articles 51 to 54 inclusive.
Section 5 Personal Exclusivity of Moral Rights, etc.
(Personal Exclusivity of Moral Rights)
Article 59 Moral rights shall be exclusive to the author and may not be transferred.
(Protection of moral interests after the author ceases to exist)
Article 60 A person who offers or presents a work to the public shall not, even after the author of the work has ceased to exist, commit an act which would constitute an infringement of the moral rights of the author if the author had existed. However, this shall not apply where, due to the nature and extent of the act, changes in social circumstances or other reasons, the act is deemed not to be offensive to the author concerned.
Section 6 Transfer and Extinction of Copyright
(Transfer of copyright)
Article 61 A copyright may be assigned in whole or in part.
(2) When the rights provided in Article 27 or Article 28 are not specifically mentioned as the object of assignment in a contract of assignment of copyrights, these rights shall be presumed to be reserved to the assignor.
(Extinction of copyright in case of absence of heir, etc.)
Article 62 A copyright shall be extinguished in the following cases
(i) where the copyright holder has died and the copyright is to be vested in the national treasury pursuant to Article 959 (Vesting of residual property in the national treasury) of the Civil Code (Act No. 89 of 1896)
(ii) Where a juridical person that is the copyright holder is dissolved and its copyright is to be vested in the national treasury pursuant to Article 239(3) (Vesting of residual assets in the national treasury) of the Act on General Incorporated Associations and General Incorporated Foundations (Act No. 48 of 2006) or any other equivalent act.
(2) Article 54(2) shall apply mutatis mutandis to the case where a copyright in a film work has been extinguished under the preceding paragraph.
Section 7 Exercise of Rights
(Permission to use copyrighted works)
The owner of a copyright may authorize others to use his/her work.
(2) Any person who has obtained the authorization set forth in the preceding paragraph may use the licensed work within the scope of the usage methods and conditions pertaining to such authorization.
(3) The exploitation right (meaning the right to exploit a work pertaining to the grant of a license under paragraph (1) pursuant to the provisions of the preceding paragraph. The same shall apply in the following Article.) (2) The right of use (meaning the right to use a work pertaining to the authorization under paragraph (1) in accordance with the preceding paragraph) may not be transferred without the consent of the copyright holder.
(4) The license under paragraph (1) for broadcasting or wire-broadcasting of a work shall not include a license for sound or video recording of such work, unless otherwise provided in the contract.
(5) The provisions of Article 23 paragraph (1) shall not apply to the making transmittable of a work by a person who has obtained a license under paragraph (1) for making transmittable of the work, repeatedly or by using other automatic public transmission devices within the scope of the usage methods and conditions (excluding those pertaining to the number of times of making transmittable or automatic public transmission devices used for making transmittable) pertaining to such license. 
(Countervailing power of right of use)
Article 63-2 A exploitation right may be asserted against the person who has acquired the copyright in a work pertaining to such exploitation right or against any other third party.
(Exercise of moral rights in joint works)
Article 64 The moral rights of authors of a joint work may not be exercised except by agreement of all the authors.
(2) Each author of a joint work may not, in breach of faith, prevent the conclusion of the agreement referred to in the preceding paragraph.
(3) The authors of a joint work may determine from among themselves a person to exercise their moral rights on their behalf.
(4) Restrictions placed on the right of representation of a person who exercises the right set forth in the preceding paragraph on behalf of another may not be asserted against a third party in good faith.
(Exercise of shared copyright)
Article 65 A copyright in a joint work or any other copyright relating to co-ownership (hereinafter in this Article referred to as "co-ownership copyright") Article 65 With respect to a copyright in a joint work or any other copyright pertaining to co-ownership (hereinafter in this Article referred to as "co-ownership copyright"), each co-owner may not assign his/her share or make it the subject of a pledge without the consent of the other co-owners.
(2) A co-ownership copyright may not be exercised except by agreement of all its co-owners.
(3) In the case of the preceding two paragraphs, each co-owner may not refuse the consent under paragraph (1) or prevent the agreement under the preceding paragraph from being reached, unless there is a justifiable reason.
(4) Paragraphs (3) and (4) of the preceding Article shall apply mutatis mutandis to the exercise of a shared copyright.
(Copyrights subject to pledge)
Article 66 A copyright shall be exercised by the copyright holder even where a pledge is created for the purpose thereof, unless otherwise provided for in the act of creation.
(2) A pledge on a copyright may be made against money or other things (including consideration for the establishment of a publication right) to be received by the copyright holder for the assignment of the copyright or exploitation of the work pertaining to the copyright. (2) A pledge for the purpose of a copyright may be made against money or other things (including consideration for the establishment of a publication right) to be received by the copyright holder for the transfer of the copyright or the exploitation of the work pertaining to the copyright. However, this shall require the seizure of the right to receive them prior to their payment or delivery.
Section 8 Use of Works by Ruling
(Use of works in cases where the copyright holder is unknown, etc.)
Article 67 In cases specified by Cabinet Order as cases where it is impossible to communicate with the copyright holder of a work which has been made public or which is clearly known to have been made available or presented to the public for a considerable period of time, even though reasonable efforts have been made to do so, due to the fact that the copyright holder is unknown or for other reasons, an award may be made by the Commissioner for Cultural Affairs, and (2) A work may be used in accordance with the method of use pertaining to such award by depositing for the benefit of the copyright holder a compensation in an amount determined by the Commissioner of Cultural Affairs as equivalent to the amount of the normal royalty fee.
(2) When the national government, local governments, or other juridical persons specified by Cabinet Order as equivalent thereto (hereinafter in this paragraph and the following Article referred to as the "national government, etc.") intends to use a work pursuant to the preceding paragraph, notwithstanding the provision of the said paragraph, no deposit under the said paragraph shall be required. (2) Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding paragraph, when the State, etc. (hereinafter in this paragraph and the following Article referred to as the "State, etc.") intends to use a work pursuant to the preceding paragraph, a deposit under the preceding paragraph shall not be required. In this case, when the State, etc. is able to communicate with the copyright holder, it shall pay compensation to the copyright holder in the amount determined by the Commissioner of Cultural Affairs pursuant to the provisions of the said paragraph.
(3) A person who desires to obtain an award under paragraph (1) shall submit to the Commissioner of the Agency a written application stating the manner of use of the work and other matters specified by Cabinet Order, together with materials prima facie showing that the person is unable to communicate with the copyright holder and other materials specified by Cabinet Order.
(4) A reproduction of a work made under paragraph (1) shall indicate that it is a reproduction pertaining to an award under the said paragraph and the date of such award.
(Use of works pending adjudication)
Article 67-2 In the event that a person who has applied for an award under paragraph (1) of the preceding Article (hereinafter simply referred to as "award" in this Article) Article 67-2 When a person who has applied for an award under paragraph (1) of the preceding Article (hereinafter simply referred to as "award" in this Article) has deposited a security deposit in an amount determined by the Commissioner of Cultural Affairs in consideration of the manner of use of the work pertaining to the application, the person may, until the award or non-award is made (or, if the person becomes able to contact the copyright holder during the period until the award or non-award is made, until the person becomes able to contact the copyright holder), make a disposition of the award or non-award in the same manner as that for the use pertaining to the application. (2) The works pertaining to the said application may be exploited in the same manner as the manner of exploitation pertaining to the said application during the period until the award or disposition not to make an award is made (or until the time when it becomes possible to contact the copyright holder if such contact is made during the period until the award or disposition not to make an award is made). However, this shall not apply when it is clear that the author of the work intends to discontinue publication or other use of the work.
(2) Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding paragraph, when the State, etc. intends to exploit a work pursuant to the preceding paragraph, a deposit pursuant to the said paragraph is not required.
(3) A reproduction of a work made under paragraph (1) shall indicate that it is a reproduction made under the provisions of the said paragraph and the date when the application for the ruling was filed.
4 Any person who makes use of a work pursuant to the provisions of paragraph (1) (hereinafter referred to as "applicant user") (excluding the State, etc.; hereinafter the same shall apply in the following paragraph) (The same shall apply in the following paragraph.) (2) Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (1) of the preceding Article, when an award has been rendered by a person who uses a work (hereinafter referred to as the "applying user") pursuant to the provisions of paragraph (1) of this Article, the deposit of the amount equivalent to the amount of the security deposit made pursuant to the provisions of paragraph (1) of this Article (in the event the amount of said security deposit exceeds the amount of said compensation, said amount), shall not be required under the provisions of paragraph (1) of said Article.
(5) When the applicant user receives a disposition not to render an award (except in cases where the applicant user is able to contact the copyright holder before receiving said disposition) In this case, the applicant shall deposit for the benefit of the copyright holder an amount of compensation determined by the Commissioner of Cultural Affairs as equivalent to the amount of royalties for the use of the work under paragraph (1) up to the time of receipt of said disposition. In this case, the amount equivalent to the amount of said compensation (or, if the amount of said compensation exceeds the amount of said security deposit, said amount) out of the amount of the security deposit made under the said paragraph shall be deemed to be the amount of said compensation deposited.
(6) When the applicant-user (limited to the State, etc.) (2) When the applicant (limited to the State, etc.) is able to contact the copyright holder after receiving a disposition not to render an award, it shall pay to the copyright holder compensation in an amount determined by the Commissioner of Cultural Affairs as equivalent to the amount of the royalty for the use of the work under paragraph (1) up to the time when the said disposition is received.
(7) If the applicant user becomes able to contact the copyright holder before receiving an award or a disposition not to make an award, the applicant user shall pay compensation to the copyright holder in an amount equivalent to the amount of the royalties for the use of the work under paragraph (1) up to the time when the user becomes able to make such contact. (2) The copyright holder shall be entitled to compensation in an amount equivalent to the amount of the royalty for the use of the work under paragraph (1) until such time as the copyright holder can be contacted.
(8) In the case of paragraph (4), (5) or the preceding paragraph, the copyright holder may receive payment from the security money deposited pursuant to paragraph (1) with respect to the right to receive compensation under paragraph (1) of the preceding Article or paragraph (5) of this Article or the preceding paragraph.
(9) Any person who has deposited security money pursuant to paragraph (1) may, when the amount of such security money exceeds the amount for which the copyright holder is entitled to receive payment pursuant to the preceding paragraph, recover all or part of such amount pursuant to the provisions of the Cabinet Order.
(Broadcasting of works)
Article 68 When a broadcaster who intends to broadcast a published work has requested the copyright holder for permission to broadcast the work and no agreement has been reached, or when such agreement cannot be reached, the broadcaster may broadcast the work upon obtaining an award from the Commissioner of Cultural Affairs and paying compensation in an amount determined by the Commissioner of Cultural Affairs as equivalent to the amount of the normal royalty fee. (2) In the event that the copyright holder is unable to obtain the consent of the copyright holder for the broadcast, the work may be broadcast upon receipt of an award by the Commissioner of Cultural Affairs and payment to the copyright holder of an amount determined by the Commissioner of Cultural Affairs as equivalent to the amount of the normal royalty.
(2) Works broadcast under the preceding paragraph may be wire-broadcast and automatically publicly transmitted (including making transmittable by inputting information into an automatic public transmission device connected to a telecommunications line available for public use) exclusively for the purpose of being received in the area covered by the broadcast pertaining to the said broadcast. (2) The broadcasting service may make the information available for public transmission by means of an automatic public transmission (including making transmittable by inputting the information into an automatic public transmission device connected to an electric telecommunication line used for public use) or by means of a receiving device. In this case, the person who conducts such wire broadcasting, automatic public transmission or transmission shall pay compensation to the copyright holder in an amount equivalent to the amount of the normal royalty fee, except where the provisions of Article 38(2) and (3) apply.
(Recording on commercial records, etc.)
Article 69 Where a commercial phonogram has first been sold in Japan and three years have elapsed from the date of such first sale, a person who intends to make another commercial phonogram by recording a work of music which has been recorded on said commercial phonogram with the permission of the copyright holder has requested the copyright holder for permission to make a recording or transfer the work to the public. (2) In the event that a person who intends to make another commercial phonogram by making a phonogram of a musical work recorded with the permission of the copyright holder in a phonogram for commercial use has requested the holder of the copyright for permission to make such phonogram available to the public by means of recording or transfer, and no agreement has been reached or such agreement cannot be reached, such person may make such phonogram available to the public by means of recording or transfer upon obtaining an award by the Commissioner for Cultural Affairs and paying the copyright holder compensation in the amount determined by the Commissioner for Cultural Affairs as equivalent to the amount of the usual royalty fee. (2) The copyright holder may make a recording or provide to the public by transferring the work.
(Procedures and Criteria for Adjudication)
Article 70 A person who files an application for a ruling under Article 67, paragraph (1), Article 68, paragraph (1) or the preceding Article shall pay a fee in an amount specified by a Cabinet Order in consideration of the actual costs.
(2) The provision of the preceding paragraph shall not apply when the person who should pay the fee pursuant to the said paragraph is the national government.
(3) Upon receipt of an application for a ruling under Article 68(1) or the preceding Article, the Commissioner of the Agency for Cultural Affairs shall notify the copyright holder pertaining to such application to that effect and give him/her an opportunity to state his/her opinions, designating a reasonable time limit.
(4) Where an application for a ruling under Article 67, paragraph (1), Article 68, paragraph (1) or the preceding Article has been filed, the Commissioner of the Agency for Cultural Affairs shall not issue such a ruling if he/she finds that the application falls under any of the following items
(i) when it is clear that the author intends to discontinue publication or other use of the work
(ii) where there are unavoidable circumstances where the copyright holder pertaining to the application for a ruling under Article 68 paragraph (1) does not grant permission for the broadcast of the work.
(5) When the Commissioner of the Agency for Cultural Affairs intends to make a disposition not to render an award set forth in the preceding paragraph (excluding cases where the Commissioner of the Agency for Cultural Affairs renders a disposition not to render an award pursuant to the provisions of paragraph (7)) (6) The Commissioner of the Agency for Cultural Affairs shall, when he/she intends to make a disposition not to make an award under the preceding paragraph (excluding cases where he/she makes a disposition not to make an award pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 7), notify the applicant in advance of the reasons therefor and give the applicant an opportunity to make an explanation and submit favorable evidence.
(6) When the Commissioner of the Agency for Cultural Affairs has made an award under Article 67, paragraph (1), he/she shall issue a public notice to that effect in the official gazette and notify the applicant, and when he/she has made an award under Article 68, paragraph (1) or the preceding Article, he/she shall notify the parties to that effect.
(7) When the Commissioner of the Agency for Cultural Affairs receives a request from the applicant user to withdraw the application for a ruling under Article 67, paragraph (1), the Commissioner of the Agency for Cultural Affairs shall make a disposition not to render said ruling.
8 In addition to what is provided for in the preceding paragraphs, matters necessary for the rulings provided for in this Section shall be prescribed by Cabinet Order.
Section 9 Compensation, etc.
(Advisory to the Council for Cultural Affairs)
Article 71 The Commissioner of the Agency for Cultural Affairs shall consult with the Council for Cultural Affairs when determining the following matters
(i) The calculation method set forth in Article 33, paragraph 2 (including the cases where it is applied mutatis mutandis pursuant to paragraph 4 of the said Article), Article 33-2, paragraph 2, or Article 33-3, paragraph 2 (ii) the method of calculation set forth in Article 33-2, paragraph (2) or Article 33-3, paragraph (2)
(ii) The amount of compensation under Article 67, paragraph (1), Article 67-2, paragraph (5) or (6), Article 68, paragraph (1) or Article 69
(Action as to the amount of compensation)
Article 72 A party who is dissatisfied with the amount of compensation determined pursuant to the provisions of Article 67, paragraph (1), Article 67-2, paragraph (5) or (6), Article 68, paragraph (1), or Article 69 may, within six months from the day on which he/she learned of the award under these provisions (in the case pertaining to Article 67-2, paragraph (5) or (6), the disposition not to make the award set forth in Article 67, paragraph (1) (2) A party who is dissatisfied with the amount of compensation determined pursuant to the provisions of Article 9 may file an action and demand an increase or decrease of the amount within six months from the day on which he/she became aware of the existence of an award under these provisions (or, in the case pertaining to Article 67-2, paragraph 5 or 6, a disposition without an award under Article 67, paragraph 1).
(2) In an action under the preceding paragraph, the copyright holder shall be the defendant if the person filing the action is the person who uses the work, and the person who uses the work if the person is the copyright holder.
(Limitation on request for review as to the amount of compensation)
Article 73 In a request for examination of an award or a disposition not to make an award under Article 67 paragraph (1), Article 68 paragraph (1) or Article 69, a complaint concerning the amount of compensation pertaining to the award or disposition not to make an award may not be the ground for a complaint concerning the award or disposition not to make an award. However, this shall not apply where the person who has received an award or a disposition not to make an award under Article 67 paragraph (1) is unable to file the action under paragraph (1) of the preceding Article because the copyright holder is unknown or for any other similar reason.
(Deposit of compensation, etc.)
Article 74 The person who is to pay compensation under paragraph 2 of Article 33 (including the cases where it is applied mutatis mutandis pursuant to paragraph 4 of the same Article), paragraph 2 of Article 33-2, paragraph 2 of Article 33-3, paragraph 1 of Article 68, or paragraph 69 of Article 69 shall, in the following cases Article 75 In the following cases, a person who is to pay compensation under Article 33-2, paragraph (2), Article 33-3, paragraph (2), Article 68, paragraph (1), or Article 69 shall deposit such compensation in lieu of payment thereof
(i) where the copyright holder has refused to accept the compensation when it has been offered
(ii) when the copyright holder is unable to receive the compensation
(iii) Where the person is unable to ascertain the copyright holder (except where the person is negligent) (iv) where the person is unable to ascertain the copyright holder (except where the person is negligent)
(iv) When the person has filed an action under Article 72, paragraph (1) with respect to the amount of the compensation.
(v) where a pledge is established on said copyright (except where consent has been obtained from the person who holds said pledge) (viii) when a pledge is established on the copyright (except in cases where the pledgee has given consent)
(2) In the case of item (iv) of the preceding paragraph, upon the request of the copyright holder, the person who is to pay such compensation shall pay the amount of his/her estimate and deposit the difference from the amount of compensation pertaining to the award.
(3) A deposit of compensation under Article 67(1), Article 67-2(5) or the preceding two paragraphs, or a deposit of security money under paragraph (1) of the said Article shall be made, in cases where the copyright holder has a domicile or residence known in Japan, at the depositary nearest to such domicile or residence, and in other cases, at the depositary nearest to the domicile or residence of the person making such deposit. In other cases, the deposit shall be made at the depositary nearest to the domicile or residence of the person making the deposit.
(4) Any person who has made a deposit under the preceding paragraph shall promptly notify the copyright holder thereof. However, this shall not apply where the copyright holder cannot be notified because the copyright holder is unknown or for any other reason.
Section 10 Registration
(Register your real name)
Article 75 The author of a work published under an anonymous or pseudonymous name may have his or her real name registered in respect of the work, whether or not he or she actually holds the copyright thereto.
(2) An author may obtain the registration set forth in the preceding paragraph after his/her death by a person designated in his/her will.
(3) A person whose real name is registered shall be presumed to be the author of the work pertaining to such registration.
(Registration of First Issue Date, etc.)
Article 76 The owner of copyright or the publisher of an anonymous or pseudonymous work may obtain registration of the first date of publication or the first date of publication for the work.
(2) For works for which the first date of publication or the first date of publication has been registered, it shall be presumed that the first publication or the first publication occurred on the date pertaining to such registration.
(Registration of date of creation)
Article 76-2 The author of a program work may obtain registration of the date of creation of his/her work. However, this shall not apply where six months have elapsed since the creation of the work.
(2) A work registered under the preceding paragraph shall be presumed to have been created on the date of registration.
(Registration of copyright)
Article 77 The following matters may not be asserted against a third party without registration
(i) restrictions on the transfer of a copyright or on the modification or disposition of a copyright in trust
(ii) establishment, transfer, modification or extinguishment of a pledge on a copyright (excluding one due to confusion or extinguishment of the copyright or the claim secured thereby) (iii) restriction on the establishment, transfer, modification or extinguishment of a pledge or restriction on the disposition
(Registration procedures, etc.)
Article 78 Registration under Article 75(1), 76(1), 76-2(1) or the preceding Article shall be made by the Commissioner of the Agency for Cultural Affairs in the Registry of Copyrights.
(2) The Registry of Copyrights shall be prepared, in whole or in part, on magnetic disks (including those in which certain matters can be reliably recorded by a method equivalent thereto; the same shall apply in paragraph (4)) as provided by Cabinet Order. The same shall apply in paragraph (4)). (4) The Registry of Copyrights may be prepared, pursuant to the provisions of the Cabinet Order, in whole or in part by means of a magnetic disk (including an object capable of securely recording certain matters by an equivalent method).
(3) When the Commissioner of the Agency for Cultural Affairs has made a registration under Article 75, paragraph (1), he/she shall publicly announce to that effect by the use of the Internet or other appropriate means.
(4) Any person may request the Commissioner of the Agency for Cultural Affairs to issue a transcript or extract of the Register of Copyrights or a copy of its annexed documents, to inspect the Register of Copyrights or its annexed documents, or to issue a document stating matters recorded in the part of the Register of Copyrights prepared on a magnetic disk.
(5) A person making a request under the preceding paragraph shall pay a fee specified by a Cabinet Order in consideration of the actual cost.
(6) The provisions of the preceding paragraph shall not apply when the person who should pay the fee pursuant to the said paragraph is the national government.
7 The provisions of Chapters II and III of the Administrative Procedure Act (Act No. 88 of 1993) shall not apply to the disposition concerning registration prescribed in paragraph (1).
8 The provisions of the Administrative Organs Access to Information Act shall not apply to the Register of Copyrights and its annexed documents.
9 The provisions of Chapter IV of the Copyright Act shall not apply to retained personal information (meaning retained personal information as provided in Article 2(5) of the Act on the Protection of Personal Information Held by Administrative Organs (Act No. 58 of 2003)) recorded in the Registry of Copyrights and its annexed documents. ), the provisions of Chapter IV of the said Act shall not apply.
10 In addition to what is provided for in this section, matters necessary for the registration provided for in paragraph (1) shall be prescribed by Cabinet Order.
(Special provisions regarding registration of program works)
Article 78-2 Registration pertaining to program works shall be governed by separate laws in addition to the provisions of this Section.
Chapter III Right of Publication
(Establishment of publishing rights)
Article 79 Any person who has the rights provided in Article 21 or Article 23 paragraph (1) (hereinafter in this Chapter referred to as the "Holder of the Reproduction Right, etc.") Article 79 Any person who has the right provided for in Article 21 or Article 23 paragraph (1) (hereinafter in this chapter referred to as the "holder of reproduction rights, etc.") may, with respect to his/her work, publish it as a document or drawing (including recording it on a recording medium by means of a method that enables it to be displayed as a document or drawing on its screen using a computer and distributing it through a reproduction of said work recorded on said recording medium). (Referred to as "act of publication" in paragraph (2) of the following Article and Article 81 item (i)) (2) The act of distributing a work by means of a reproduction of the work recorded on a recording medium by means of a transmission method (excluding broadcasting or wire broadcasting and including making transmittable in the case of automatic public transmission; the same shall apply hereinafter in this chapter) or by means of a reproduction of the work recorded on a recording medium by means of such a method. The same shall apply hereinafter in this chapter.) (2) The provisions of the following Article shall apply mutatis mutandis to the person who undertakes the act of public transmission (referred to as "act of public transmission" in paragraph (2) of the following Article and Article 81 item (ii)) using a reproduction of the work recorded in the medium. (2) A publication right may be established over a person who undertakes to perform an act of public transmission (hereinafter referred to as "act of public transmission" in the following Article paragraph (2) and Article 81 item (ii)).
(2) The holder of the reproduction right, etc. may establish a publication right when a pledge is established on the reproduction right or the right of public transmission, only with the consent of the holder of said pledge.
(Description of publishing rights)
Article 80 The holder of publication right shall, as provided for in the act of establishment, have exclusive rights, in whole or in part, to the following rights in connection with a work that is the subject matter of his/her publication right
(i) the right to reproduce the original work as a document or drawing by printing or other mechanical or chemical means (including the right to reproduce the original work as an electromagnetic record recorded on a recording medium by the method prescribed in paragraph 1 of the preceding Article) for the purpose of distribution
(ii) the right to make a public transmission using a reproduction of the work recorded on a recording medium in the form prescribed in paragraph (1) of the preceding Article without altering the original work
(2) Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding paragraph, when the author of a work dies during the duration of the publication right, or when three years have elapsed from the date of the first act of publication or public transmission (referred to as "act of publication, etc." in Article 83(2) and Article 84(3)) after the establishment of the publication right, unless otherwise provided for in the act of establishment, the holder of the reproduction right, etc. shall be deemed to have acquired the right of publication, etc. for said work.  (2) Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding paragraph, the holder of a reproduction right, etc. may reproduce or publicly transmit a work in a collection or other compilation (limited to a compilation of only the works of the author).
(3) The holder of the publication right may authorize others to reproduce or publicly transmit a work that is the subject matter of his/her publication right only with the consent of the holder of the reproduction right, etc.
(4) The provisions of Article 63 paragraphs (2), (3) and (5) and Article 63-2 shall apply mutatis mutandis to the case of the preceding paragraph. In this case, the term "copyright holders" in Article 63(3) shall be deemed to be replaced with "holders of the reproduction right, etc. under Article 79(1) and holders of the publication right", and the term "Article 23(1)" in Article 63(5) shall be deemed to be replaced with "Article 80(1) (limited to the part pertaining to item (ii))". (2) The term "Article 23 paragraph (1)" in paragraph (5) of the same Article shall be deemed to be replaced with "Article 80 paragraph (1) (limited to the portion pertaining to item (ii)).
(Publication Obligations)
Article 81 Holders of publication rights shall assume the obligations provided for in the following items with respect to the works that are the subject matter of their publication rights in accordance with the classifications listed in the respective items. However, this shall not apply where otherwise provided for in the act of creation.
(i) Holders of publication rights pertaining to the rights listed in paragraph (1) item (i) of the preceding Article (referred to as "No. 1 publication right holders" in the following Article) The following obligations
(a) The obligation to perform the act of publication of the work within six months from the date of delivery of the manuscript or other original work or equivalent thereto necessary for reproduction of the work from the holder of the reproduction right, etc. or from the date of provision of the electromagnetic record pertaining to the work.
(b) the obligation to continue to perform the act of publication in accordance with customary practice with respect to the work in question
(ii) Holders of publication right pertaining to the rights listed in paragraph (1) item (ii) of the preceding Article (referred to as "No. 2 publication right holders" in paragraph (1) item (ii) of the following Article) The following obligations
(a) The obligation to perform an act of public transmission of a work within six months from the date of delivery of a manuscript or other original work or equivalent thereto necessary for public transmission of the work from the holder of the reproduction right, etc. or from the date of provision of an electromagnetic record pertaining to the work
(b) the obligation to continue the act of public transmission of the work in accordance with customary practice
(Amendment of copyrighted works)
Article 82 The author may, to the extent justified, make modifications or increases or decreases to his/her work in the following cases
(i) where the work is reproduced anew by the holder of the first publication right
(ii) when the holder of the second publication right makes a public transmission of the work
(2) The holder of the first publication right shall notify the author in advance each time he/she intends to reproduce a work that is the subject of his/her publication right anew.
(Duration of right of publication)
Article 83 The duration of the right of publication shall be as provided in the act of establishment.
(2) The right of publication shall expire on the date three years have elapsed from the date of the first act of publication, etc. after its establishment, unless the duration of the right of publication is stipulated in the act of establishment.
(Request for Extinction of Right of Publication)
