Company and State
The mounting battle over who is more powerful, the state or the corporations, was settled with the corporations winning: "The minister will negotiate directly" or "If you want to negotiate, send out the prime minister.

2021/4/18
[All vaccines to be procured in September, Prime Minister reaches substantial agreement with U.S. pharmaceutical company ｜ Kyodo News https://this.kiji.is/756345512252293120]
>Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga, in a telephone conversation with Albert Bouras, CEO of U.S. pharmaceutical giant Pfizer, essentially agreed that Japan will receive additional supplies of the new coronavirus vaccine.

2021.3.8
[Pfizer: "Negotiations with the Prime Minister," officials are absolutely furious at the reply, and the government is unable to take the initiative, making the negotiations difficult - SankeiBiz: an economic information site to improve yourself https://www.sankeibiz.jp/macro/news/210308/mca2103080623009-n1.htm ]
>The common sense of Kasumigaseki did not apply to negotiations with US pharmaceutical giant Pfizer, and the company was at the mercy of the logic of the international community, which had no discernment, as when it demanded that Japan "send out the prime minister" despite the fact that Japan is a client.
	>Immediately after Taro Kono, Minister of State for Administrative Reform, who is the overall coordinator of the vaccine, launched into a "I will talk directly with Pfizer," the other party responded with the reverse nomination, "I want the prime minister to be present at the negotiations," demonstrating their strong intention not to deal with a single cabinet member.
	>"The vaccine will not come with this," he said. When Kono learned the core of the Pfizer contract, which was said to be a black box even within the government, he immediately picked up the phone. Upon receiving a report on the situation, the prime minister could only reply, "I wish you good luck somehow. The supply to Japan was supposed to be on a "best-effort" basis. To Mr. Kono, the contract appeared to have no assurance that Japan would be able to send the supplies as expected.
