Hatena2016-09-01
code:hatena
 <body>
 *1472733335*I'm turning 35.
 I turned 35 years old on July 23. I have been putting off blogging about it for some reason or another, and before I know it, a month has passed.
 
 I have been updating this article every year on my birthday since I was 30 years old, but why is it so late this year? In the draft, I wrote something like, "When I think of 35, I think of the 'engineers retire at 35' theory," and I guess I am too preoccupied with the "35" milestone. When I reread my past birthday articles, I found that I used to be more light-hearted. So I'll stop writing properly and give you a quick summary of what I was planning to write.
 
 The topic of the 35-year-old retirement age for engineers was interrupted without completing the story by steering the conversation to "learning various programming languages". If learning various programming languages broadens one's horizons, then learning things other than programming also broadens one's horizons, and I guess this is the connection to the next paragraph.
 
 As a note in the paragraph after that, it says "director of the Unexplored Association" and "activity report once a month" or something like that, so you were going to write about your activities as a director of the Unexplored Association, which you started last September, and your efforts to make regular activity reports to solve the problem of "not knowing what the organization is doing"? I think so. This would be foreshadowing for the next paragraph.
 
 The next note was "I am not updating my blog as often". At the time I wrote this note, I was going to write something like, "I used to write technical notes on my blog, but the percentage of time I devote to technology has decreased over the past few years," but this is a mistake. There are some non-computer-related technical things, and I used to write a lot of things other than technical notes. The reason for the decrease in update frequency is probably "self-consciousness. It is a trap of perfectionism, that is, the thought of releasing something with a high degree of perfection results in the release itself not being done.
 
 I have five years to go before I turn 40, and my life is still full of confusion.
 </body>

[Hatena Diary 2016-09-01 https://nishiohirokazu.hatenadiary.org/archive/2016/09/01]