Hatena2010-08-06
code:hatena
 <body>
 *1281120325*Suggestions for altruism
 It is easy for people to betray someone they have not yet met on the Internet. If the relationship does not continue and there are no other costs associated with betrayal, it is more profitable to deceive and make the other person pay than to be honest and pay the cost yourself. It is not a praiseworthy act from an ethical point of view, of course, but it is reasonable.
 
 People who plan to have an ongoing relationship do not betray very often, because the damage of not getting what they would have gotten if they had not betrayed is often greater than the return they would have gotten if they had betrayed once.
 
 People who have a lot of mutual friends don't betray each other very often. This is because the damage of becoming hated by many friends by deceiving one is often greater than the return of betraying once.
 
 Money is zero-sum because it can't be replicated, but knowledge can. Altruistic relationships where we give to each other are only more rewarding than selfish relationships where we take from each other.
 
 If we are serious about avoiding damage caused by the selfish actions of first-time visitors, the most reasonable thing to do would be to make the community a no-show place. The reason why we do not do so is because we believe that a more open and free community in which anyone can participate is better than such a closed one.
 
 Even if it is a free study session, the organizer pays numerous costs such as arranging the venue, preparing presentation materials, booking the reception, and so on. It is a very altruistic action. To return these costs with selfish actions, such as not paying for them yourself or just taking what you can get and not giving anything back, is like spitting in the hand that is extended to you to welcome you to an altruistic community. From a short-term perspective, you may think you have gained. But it is a double loss of opportunity: you throw away your chance to be part of an altruistic community, and you hurt the organizer's feelings and discourage him from inviting more first-timers to join the altruistic community in the future.
 
 <hr>
 
 As you know, I am not very good at relationships. Recently, I have been learning a lot about relationships from a certain con-artist-like person. He is very smart and logical, and his model of the structure of human society explains the phenomenon well (even though it is sometimes quite contrary to my common sense). The above is a model that I have only recently come to understand thanks to what he has taught me. He was surprised that I had managed to live my life without understanding the model, but I guess that was because I was unconsciously integrated into an altruistic community. It was a blessing, but as a result, I was unaware that the "outside" world was rife with sterile competition among egocentrics. I was "naive." There are probably many people who would think that what I am writing in this article is "a matter of course. But even so, I am going to write about it. I did not know this information in the past. It is my way of altruism to blog about the knowledge I have gained for the sake of those who may not yet know.
 
 *1281121449* So...
 I haven't heard the details, but it's a serious matter that the reception fee of 3,500 yen per person turned into 5,300 yen because of people who cancelled without notice, and I understand the mindset of engineers who wonder if they can avoid this by creating a blacklist or something, but there are probably "first-time attendees" who are not on such a blacklist. However, "first-time applicants" who are not on the blacklist will appear like a cloud, and those people will act selfishly without any regret, so it is meaningless to make a blacklist.
 
 The only way to essentially solve the problem is to completely shut out these first-time visitors. But you don't want to take that solution, do you? If that is the case, the only solution is to limit the ratio of first-time visitors to 1/8 so that even if all first-time visitors cancel the reception, the reception fee will still be kept at 4,000 yen. Because you are accepting people with a blue ceiling, the risk will also increase to a blue ceiling, won't it?
 
 <hr>
 
 What I wrote at length was very concise.
 
 >>
 nemo_kaz: if you're going to make a whitelist, you can't say that from the perspective of organizers and participants QT @wats: RT @nemo_kaz Blacklists are meaningless in an internet society without boundaries RT @yamashiro: people who said they would come to the get-together today but didn't (abbreviated)
 http://twitter.com/nemo_kaz/status/20515741524
 <<
 
 Blacklists are meaningless in a boundaryless online society."
 
 In the end, it all comes down to this one word. There is no return worth blacklisting. The negative impact of blacklisting on the atmosphere of the place is greater.
 </body>

[Hatena Diary 2010-08-06 https://nishiohirokazu.hatenadiary.org/archive/2010/08/06]