Hatena2010-06-12
code:hatena
 <body>
 *1276313679*Civilization Revolution for iPad vs Civilization IV
 I've only played the iPad version twice on the lowest difficulty level, so it's an impression level, but it compares to Civ4.
 ** No city maintenance costs?
  Is it suitable for building many cities and playing SimCity style?
 ** Cities are prone to turnover due to culture.
  They can turn over three cities or so in one game. Walls are a resistance to turning. Hollywood or something can disable them.
 ** I don't think any other form of government other than democracy is quite as useful.
 In Civ4, you have a huge number of options to choose from, but in Civ4, there are only 6 political forms. In Civ4, I think that in a democratic system, you could start an anti-war movement even if a war was started, which might have increased the level of satisfaction, but in this system, you can't go to war voluntarily and you can't refuse peace offers. Also, I like to play Civ4 in a SimCity-like way by introducing a caste system, so I don't like it if there is an emancipation movement or something like that, but there are no such two things.
 ** No hunger?
 In Civ4, city peasants can quickly starve if they are careless, but I have yet to see something like that happen. Maybe I just haven't noticed it?
 
 
 
 I think the dilemma is one step less than in Civ4! Oh my God! In Civ4, I had no idea what the problem was, but I didn't think it was a problem. Hmmm. Well, when the difficulty level is high, we may have to decide which way to focus our efforts for the sake of efficiency. I have no problem increasing the population of a city at a fast pace (no damage from sanitation or starvation), and I can increase the city at a fast pace (no city management costs).
 
 Well, but maybe that's because I'm basically an anti-war, efficient-growth re-focused lukewarm gamer, because in Age of Mythology I would choose Gaia (economic bonus) or Ra (maximum rice paddy production), and in Civ4 the first civilization I chose was Gandhi (farmer productivity bonus).... So, you know. Maybe that's not the case when playing on high difficulty and when war is inevitable.
 
 <hr>
 
 PS: It is irritating that at higher difficulty levels, when war is declared all over the place, and when you are just one step away from dropping the city next to the opponent's city, the opponent asks for a truce and the council passes a resolution for a truce. If you are under constant combat, the alternatives other than democracy are also troubling, each with its own advantages and disadvantages. The production bonuses of communism are very attractive, but the production of culture is drastically reduced and borders are gradually set back. Religious fundamentalism's +1 troops for all units is also very attractive, but it drastically reduces the production of science.
 </body>

[Hatena Diary 2010-06-12 https://nishiohirokazu.hatenadiary.org/archive/2010/06/12]