Hatena2015-07-23
code:hatena
 <body>
 *1437650343*I turned 34.
 I am now 34 years old; I got married on my 30th birthday, so it's been 5 years today.
 
 Following 30 years of age as a multiple of 10, 31 years of age as 11111 in binary, 32 years of age as 0x20 in hexadecimal, 33 years of age as a zero, and finally 34 years of age with nothing of note to say. The average male life expectancy is 68 years, so I am just about at the turn of the century! But I thought that was the world average, and the average life expectancy of Japanese men is 80 years old. There are still 6 years to go until the turnaround point. The Japanese are blessed.
 
 Looking back, I think that for the past several years I have been aware of my narrow perspective and have been driven by a sense of urgency to "promptly master areas in which I am lacking. Looking at past birthday articles, they were full of "fear of not changing" and "challenge to do something different".
 
 Knowledge is the antidote to fear. I think the number of means available to solve a problem has increased considerably compared to five years ago. I suppose the attempt to increase the means was effective. And I feel that phase is over.
 
 The means to an end. Focus on the objective. Then, it is necessary to select the best means at hand to achieve the objective. Life span is a limited resource. Although being Japanese gives us six years to turn around, the global average is already in the second half. If we spend all our time acquiring new means, we are in the wrong end of the world.
 
 Is it best to write code, write natural language, or meet and talk with people in order to achieve the system you consider ideal? Are the necessary components software, knowledge, or relationship structure? I believe that this is the phase where we should think about these things and make choices.
 
 There are many things that we have yet to disclose to the public, but we hope that you will keep a warm eye on us. Thank you for your continued support.
 </body>

[Hatena Diary 2015-07-23 https://nishiohirokazu.hatenadiary.org/archive/2015/07/23]