Diary of 2021-05-04
　I don't know what it was, but I was finally able to [import into Scrapbox in Python].
　The problem of writing to Scrapbox, which was a hurdle to the realization of [scbot], has been resolved.
　What do you do?
　　I haven't come up with anything.
　　Read the page and ask questions?
　　　Ask a question on the old page
　　Suggest a link to a page that doesn't have a link?
　　Link to other people's Scrapbox pages that might be relevant?
　　All related.
　　　Keyword extraction from recently written pages
	　　　Search by that keyword
　Find pages that use the same keywords without links.
　Ask a related question
　　　Importing content written long ago results in a page with no links.
　　　In contrast, the process of reading and linking often becomes "reading content that is independent of current interests" and is very difficult.
　　　Just come up with a "page with no relevant links" to what you are interested in now.
　　　At this time, the subject of the reading does not have to be the same project
　　　　Other people's projects of interest
　　　　Piles of texts from the past that are not known if they are safe to publish or not.

　Some of it might be beneficial, but it seems like a chore.
　How about creating a "free room" (project for bots) first?
　What does the bot do there?
　　Compress what you read and leverage notes.
　　　I'll read it and compress it further.

　Well, you could have him do the scullery duty for once.
　　Read the project in Japanese and machine translate it into English
　　It will compile Twitter and Facebook posts on its own.

　https://twitter.com/rashita2/status/1311204449155596288?s=21
		>If a page is created in Scrapbox in the form of describing something and then describing the words that appear in the description, links between pages are always ensured. However, if pages are created in a bot-like manner, such linkage is not always guaranteed. That is the problem.
　　The "old bot concept" imagined here is a program that does not create links, only pages.
　　Bots are free to have bots that make links.

[replanting metaphor]
　https://cyblog.jp/42183
　>I am in the process of migrating from Evernote to Scrapbox. Although we are "migrating", we do not intend to move all of our notes to Scrapbox. We are carefully selecting only the notes that we expect to be active in the "new place". In that sense, you could call it "replanting.
　　Will it need to be replanted?

[fish tank metaphor].