Hatena2014-09-13
code:hatena
 <body>
 *1410584448*Play with Emotiv's brainwave sensor EPOC
 Emotiv's 14-channel brainwave sensor EPOC came to our house and we played with it right away.
 
 [f:id:nishiohirokazu:20140913135409j:image]
 
 As a clear example, play Super Hexagon, a game that requires concentration. We have not yet been able to save data with time or record actions, so epochs are interpreted as "maybe this time will be like this" as an afterthought.
 
 [f:id:nishiohirokazu:20140913135241p:image]
 
 Hexagon is a game of "super concentrate," "game over," and "try again" in short units. I guess the concentration deepens when the orange is going down, and then goes back up a bit when the game is over.
 
 [f:id:nishiohirokazu:20140913142802p:image]
 
 When you close your eyes and meditate, the green goes down in an easily recognizable way. What is it that makes the orange rise afterwards?
 
 [f:id:nishiohirokazu:20140913142800p:image]
 
 I tried meditating again, but no orange excitement here. Tried reading a difficult book quickly.
 
 [f:id:nishiohirokazu:20140913142759p:image]
 
 I was looking back at the graph to see what the results looked like, and suddenly I noticed that the orange had risen tremendously.
 
 [f:id:nishiohirokazu:20140913143606p:image]
 
 What if it is not a real-time reflex game, but a slow thinking puzzle? Does this also cause the orange to go down? Why does the orange go up when you are looking at the data and trying to understand what is happening?
 
 I stop playing games and blogging and the orange rises to the same level again.
 
 In the game that came with the sample of moving the cube, when I tried to move the cube by concentration, I could only move it in one dimension. After a little ingenuity, I was able to move the cube in three different dimensions, but my personal impression was that I was moving it with my brain waves, jaw, and eyeballs, not with my brain waves.
 
 In the sample of moving the mouse cursor, it is easy to move the mouse cursor to the four corners without training, and it is not impossible to bring the mouse cursor near the button you are aiming at, but it hurts my eyeballs to try to match the small button, and when I try to click, the mouse The mouse cursor moves when you try to click. I may be able to use it with some training, but I'm not sure I want to try it at the moment.
 
 I'd like to identify the state of reading a book properly and the state of thinking I'm reading it but not getting it in my head, and alert the latter, but I don't see much difference in these three indicators between reading an easy book and reading a difficult book (Nietzsche's "The Genealogy of Morals"). If I took the raw data, would SVM separate them?
 
 **1410594806* Precautions when using the EEG sensor EPOC
 I saw a brainwave sensor that was recently ruined by poor maintenance, so I'll give you a quick rundown.
 
 ** Wash immediately
 
 The felt is soaked in salt water and the terminals are copper. In other words, they rust quickly if left unattended.
 
 The replacement part can be managed by replacing it in the worst case scenario (you can't proceed with your research in the meantime, of course), but if the rust spreads to the copper on the side of the headgear, the amount of damage will skyrocket, so be careful.
 
 I think it is difficult to dry the copper with the copper stuck to the felt, so I remove the copper part of the replacement part (it can be easily removed by pushing the felt from the other side), wash it alone with water, wipe it with a tissue, and let it dry.
 
 If it is already rusted, some rust can be removed by using an acidic rust remover with phosphoric acid or something similar and a cotton swab to do your best.
 
 ** I won't force it in.
 
 If the replacement part does not fit properly, do not apply force. If you turn it with force while it is stuck at a strange angle, the claw for fixing it will break and you will have an even harder time.
 
 If you insert it at the correct angle, it will snap into place, and when you turn it, it will snap into place. No force is required at all.
 
 ** Do not lose the USB receiver
 
 It looks like a USB flash drive, and unlike the main unit, it is inserted into a PC, so it is likely to be forgotten or lost if it is accidentally left in the PC. So, it is important to keep it together with the main unit.
 
 In that sense, the AC adapter is also likely to be forgotten when putting it away after use, since it is removed when used. Perhaps it would be better to put a checklist on the box.
 </body>

[Hatena Diary 2014-09-13 https://nishiohirokazu.hatenadiary.org/archive/2014/09/13]