Hatena2012-07-01
code:hatena
 <body>
 *1341124021* What we want to create: A system that allows easy review of manuscripts.
 The first prototype was made a long time ago and I'm actually using it to review my own manuscripts to see how it works. The site for the demo is http://sphinxweb.rackbox.net/ It asks for a username and password, so use guest:guest. If you go to http://sphinxweb.rackbox.net/usage/ or something like that, you will see that you can add comments to each paragraph.
 
 This is a system I created based on Hiroshi Yuki's <a href='http://www.hyuki.com/writing/writing4.html'>Book Writing and Online Review</a>, and its most important feature is that "reviewers cannot see other reviewers' comments The most important feature of the system is that "reviewers cannot see the comments of other reviewers". If you drop your manuscript as fuel in a chat room full of Mohawk technicians, you will get a lot of comments such as "This is strictly true," "It is explained as X, but it is wrong not to mention Y, which happens very rarely, isn't it? I am sure that I would get a lot of comments like, "This is strictly true. But even if you do that, it may be a "book without mistakes," but it will not be an "easy-to-understand book. What is important to make the book easy to understand is "the opinions of people who are not so familiar with the subject. If the book is full of Mohawk comments, people who are not familiar with the book will shrink away. They cannot say, "This part is difficult to understand.
 
 Another useful point is that you can add comments to each paragraph. It is a pain to explain in natural language what the comment is about, as is the case when I do my own reviews. For example, "In chapter 2, the second paragraph from the bottom of section ~ says XX, but it's not XY, is it? It's a pain in the ass. But if you write "XX is XY, isn't it?" in an easy way, it is a pain in the ass. If you use the easy way of writing "XX is XY," the person who applies it has to search for it, and if it is rewritten before the review comments are made, it is difficult to find it.
 
 So at the very least, each paragraph should have a permalink. Fortunately, Sphinx has a function to help you do that, so you can create them quite easily.
 
 This is the story of Prototype Ver. 1 so far.
 
 Here is the main idea for improvement.
 
 First, it is not good to have no feedback to the person who wrote the comment. It makes the person who wrote the comment wonder, "Did I really write that?" and "Did I really write it? "Is it really reaching the author?" They will also be anxious.
 
 The lack of notification when I get a comment is also not good. I regularly look at the "list of comments received so far," and if I think, "Hmmm, no update," then I forget to go back and check for updates. I'm late replying to review comments. This is also a loss of feedback. I want to reply to the comments as soon as I receive them. Improvement is needed.
 
 I think a good way to solve these two problems is to "send an e-mail with the commenter and the author as the addressees.
 
 Next, let's look at the account system. I thought it would be a hassle to ask reviewers to create an account on this site, so I decided to just use BASIC authentication, but this was a mistake. After all, in order to meet the specification that "you can't see other people's comments," users must be identified, and of course I had to give them a user name and password, and they had to use the password I gave them. I forgot it, didn't I?
 
 Should there be a BASIC authentication on the page for reviewer registration, and I should send an email or Skype message to the reviewer saying "Please register your name, email address, and password on this page" and then notify them when their account is created?
 
 How can we make the system less stressful for both reviewers and authors?
 </body>

[Hatena Diary 2012-07-01 https://nishiohirokazu.hatenadiary.org/archive/2012/07/01]