Hatena2011-02-13
code:hatena
 <body>
 *1297595302* mind map diary 1
 I know that it is important to draw colorfully, but it is indeed very difficult to do it all the time, so I drew drafts on sticky notes that I carry with me while I am on the train or waiting at the cash register. Let's start with "How to draw a mind map.
 
 f:id:nishiohirokazu:20110213200742j:image
 
 So I redrew it based on those rules.
 
 f:id:nishiohirokazu:20110213200857j:image
 
 The excuse of "I don't have a painting mind" seems to stem from a fear of trying something new. Why are you afraid to paint? Is it because there is no correct answer? Something without a clear correct answer cannot get a perfect score when it is graded. Does the fear arise from perfectionism?
 
 A "picture" in a mind map does not have to be realistic. It is a means to represent thoughts non-verbally. This is nothing but the use of the right brain. It is meaningless to avoid it because you are not good at drawing.
 
 Non-verbal representations have practical demands and are used in pictograms for signs. The phenomenon of "inability to express oneself in pictures" should not be stopped at "lack of artistic ability," but should be considered as "lack of know-how to express oneself in pictures.
 
 f:id:nishiohirokazu:20110213200946j:image
 
 When I said something like this, I received a comment that "the spirit of painting is a combination of the gaze and interpretation," so I made a mind map of that. I interpreted "gaze" to mean observing things carefully, and "interpretation" to mean "extracting the necessary information without letting assumptions cloud one's vision. But you say observe things carefully, but there are abstractions, aren't there? How do you picture "productivity," for example?
 
 f:id:nishiohirokazu:20110213201031j:image
 
 In order to paint a picture of something abstract, it is necessary to make it tangible. The reason why you cannot paint a picture of "productivity" is because you think you know what you are talking about by using the word "productivity" as a vague and ambiguous concept. What is this "productivity" you speak of? Is it a reduction in work time? Is it about eliminating unnecessary tasks? Is it about increasing output?
 
 What is "waste"? What is "output?" You can't paint a picture because you can't give a concrete example. What is it?" Isn't it important to change a vague concept into a concrete one by asking the question, "What is it?
 
 f:id:nishiohirokazu:20110213201119j:image
 
 The "productivity" I seek in mind mapping is "learning efficiency. In other words, it is the efficiency of memory and recall. There are two ways to improve the efficiency of memory: increasing the speed of input and increasing the retention rate. Recall is association, the ability to recall similar or related objects. One could say that this is the discovery of common parts.
 
 
 f:id:nishiohirokazu:20110213201205j:image
 
 It should not be the role of mind maps to increase the speed of information entry. The role of mind maps should be to improve retention. How can we do that? Let me give you an example. For example, if you want to memorize the density function of a normal distribution, what should you do? (Trial and error)
 
 f:id:nishiohirokazu:20110213201248j:image
 
 Let's organize your own trial and error. In other words, there are four ways to improve memory retention: reduction, association, concretization, and abstraction.
 
 Reduction means "breaking down information into reusable elements. This can be described as the discovery of common parts. It is the process of taking something seemingly complex and difficult to remember and cutting out chunks of meaning that can be used in other places as parts. For example, in the case of a normal density distribution, there is the component (x - μ)^2, which ensures that the distribution is symmetrical around the mean.
 
 Related means "bringing up related information. It is the concept that "information is not meaningful by itself, but has meaning in relation to various other information. It is not the case that the expression for the density function of a normal distribution is meaningful by itself, but μ and σ have a definite meaning. In addition, features such as the central limit theorem and the fact that the conjugate prior distribution is itself make the normal distribution a meaningful distribution to take up on purpose. The question is, "How is it made?" What is it used for?" And so on.
 
 Perhaps concretization and abstraction should be "simplification". Abstraction is simplification by omitting details. It does not have to be strictly precise. It can be an approximation or an outline. It is better than not being able to remember anything at all. Embodiment is the opposite. If there are too many changes to remember, there are too many parameters. To remove a parameter, you need to assign a concrete value to it. This means simplifying by giving concrete examples.
 
 f:id:nishiohirokazu:20110213201334j:image
 
 Finished version. Well, the last blue color is the most messed up. Well, you'll get used to it and be able to draw nicely in time.
 
 f:id:nishiohirokazu:20110213220949j:image
 </body>

[Hatena Diary 2011-02-13 https://nishiohirokazu.hatenadiary.org/archive/2011/02/13]