Hatena2012-01-21
code:hatena
 <body>
 *1327081091*GTD Mind Map ver3
 <a href='http://d.hatena.ne.jp/nishiohirokazu/20110930/1317394083'>GTD Leverage Memo as Mind Map</a>, <a href='http://d.hatena.ne.jp/ nishiohirokazu/20111001/1317432699'>GTD Leverage Memo as Mind Map Part 2</a>. I wanted to redraw the ver.2 I made last October, so I mumbled on Twitter and worked on it for about 2 pomodoros to make a new version. The following is a reprint from Twitter.
 
 <hr>
 
 I'm thinking of redrawing the mind map that I made after reading GTD before, because I've been adding some new ideas to it while I'm using it. Previous version: http://pic.twitter.com/zUAPBOuu
 
 The first version was too dense, trying not to leave anything out of the GTD book, especially on the right-hand axis in the last version, and what was divided into five parts in the original GTD was combined into three, etc. This time around, we plan to go for more of a busted up approach.
 
 First, clarify the purpose. The purpose is not to mindmap GTD as it is, nor to teach GTD to others. It is to make my current mind map cleaner so that I can see what I need to do without confusion, since I tend to get confused during my regular reviews. It's about creating metrics for myself to review during my weekly reviews.
 
 When I asked myself what was important in this map, I realized that those four important key words are still in the four corners of the map in the current version. They are "collection," "action," "objective," and "periodic review."
 
 Why am I confused during my review? The reason is simple. Until now, the workflow has been to organize tasks and goals, but now that I've started a writing project, I have a lot of ideas and concepts for writing that I haven't been able to organize.
 
 If judged according to the GTD flowchart, this piece of writing idea should be asked if it should be acted upon. If it does not need to be acted upon, it should be saved as a document in a form that can be retrieved when needed. Oh, "save as a document" is also an action, isn't it?
 
 You clearly don't realize that GTD can add another item to the INBOX in the process of organizing it, that there's an X in the INBOX, and you say to it, "What's this? What should I do with it?" and the answer is "X is a material, it should be kept", then a task "keep X" appears in addition to X. That can be done in less than two minutes, so it is just handled on the spot. But it is not always possible to do it in less than two minutes. It doesn't take into account the possibility that the task "put away the data in the INBOX so that I can retrieve it when I need it" will take time. In reality, I have not yet prepared a "place to put away the data so that it can be retrieved when needed" or created a system to do so. So I can't finish it in 2 minutes. So I'm stuck with a pile of unorganized idea stickies as a result.
 
 Collecting is getting it out of the brain; reviewing is getting it back into the brain.
 
 There is no answer in my mind as to how the materials should be organized. If something cannot be retrieved when needed, it is meaningless, so we need to guarantee that it can be retrieved. If it is digital data that can be retrieved and searched, that is one way. But it is difficult to know what to do with something like an idea memo.
 
 I don't think I can come up with an answer to something I don't have, even if I grunt and groan about it, so I should just make a note that "I need to think about it" and put it on hold.
 
 &#65279;1 Pomodoro end http://pic.twitter.com/7hTejhUe
 
 Let's do one more pomodoro to complete it and then try to go to bed. Oh, I haven't finished organizing the stickies after all. I need to think about how to organize my materials, and I guess it's good to know that the lack of organization is the reason why the stickies are piling up and making me feel uncomfortable. I'll think about it tomorrow while I'm waiting for the dentist.
 
 2 Pomodoro End http://pic.twitter.com/pRWZ43MW
 
 In ver2, I summarized the vertical axis into three, saying that it is not necessary to have five separate axes, but this time, I feel that the horizontal axis is no longer necessary. Organizing is about matching meaning and place, so it is impossible to organize without identifying meaning. Clarification of purpose must precede proper planning and action. I understand that, but it doesn't make much sense to have organization, planning, and action in that order, does it? (PS: I didn't realize it when I wrote this, but in the original GTD, it was Organize -> Review -> Action, which was even more messed up)
 
 The next thing to consider is that "properly organizing a pile of unorganized sticky notes on my desk" is not, in itself, a specific, doable, time-estimatable task. I mean, this is a project in granularity, so the objective must be clear. What's the purpose of organizing sticky notes?
 
 ...I have a mix of stickies for parts of the manuscript I've already written and stickies for ideas I haven't written yet. As for the stickies that have not yet been written, it is important to be able to retrieve them when I decide to write the corresponding chapter. So for now, let's compare them with the chapter listings and sort them according to which chapter they are likely to be in. What is the purpose of organizing stickies that you have already written?
 
 If it's really a "sticky note I've already written", I think I can throw it away. The biggest reason why I haven't done that is because I think the contents I haven't written because they don't fit into the flow are too good to throw away. So, the first thing you should do is to compare what you have written with what you have not written. Then, if you think the contents are too good to throw away, just think of the column heading and categorize them like other "stickies that have not been written yet. You can refer to them when you write your column. You may not write it, though.
 
 <hr>
 
 By the way, what it says in the hard-to-read letters of ver 3 is "collection (not relying on memory): human brain is finite", "action: one can only walk one step at a time", "purpose: clarification of purpose is the key to efficiency", and "review: assurance to return regularly is necessary to forget without worry".
 
 Initially, I thought the "do something about the pile of sticky notes" that I wanted to solve was a review problem, so I listed improving the review as my objective, but that wasn't the problem. I guess that means that "dealing with the pile of sticky notes" is too granular a task to execute, and it needs to be broken down with a clear objective.
 
 As for the issue of not being able to do a good review, I haven't solved it yet, but this map has a lot of margins, and well, if you can't write it all down in the margins, you can just redraw it again. I'm sure I'll be able to work it out. I'm going to sleep now.
 </body>

[Hatena Diary 2012-01-21 https://nishiohirokazu.hatenadiary.org/archive/2012/01/21]