Hatena2008-06-16
code:hatena
 <body>
 *1213613307* I went to "Cybozu 2nd year training".
 I went to a training camp for one night and two days with my classmates at the Cybozu headquarters. I thought it was deep in the mountains, but it was a beautiful place with a view of the sea. I learned a lot of things such as "Facts and interpretations are different" and "Failure is not a bad thing. The easiest way to avoid failure is to set a goal that you take for granted that you can achieve. The important thing is how much you grow, not how much you don't fail." We had lectures and group work like that. We also surrounded the president and asked him a lot of questions, drank until late at night, and conversely, presented in front of everyone the current problems and visions of the company, as well as the goals I wanted to achieve by the end of the year.
 
 It was more interesting than I initially expected.
 
 Companies have a vertical tree to speed up decision-making, but I thought that regular synchronous exchanges like this would strengthen the horizontal connection. Vertical and horizontal threads. Cybozu develops its own products, so there are times when we have to deal with the agony of sales vs. development, such as, "The sales person got a job with an unreasonable deadline! Cybozu is developing its own products, so I don't think it has anything to do with the sales vs. development argument. Even so, I think it is important to create an open organization by opening a horizontal ventilation hole like this.
 
 I also thought it was one of the important factors to share the president's vision. It is good to have an opportunity to communicate face to face. And it is not just to push the vision in a descent way. By having sessions where we do problems and questions, we share an awareness of the issues in the field. Listening to everyone's presentations, I thought to myself something like, "Even though we are colleagues who joined the company at the same time, we are assigned to different departments and see and hear different things, so we come to have a different awareness of problems, and we share that awareness by presenting it to each other in such a forum.
 
 At the end of the last session, I set a goal for the next one year, but I set a very strict quantitative goal because "you can't grow if you set a goal that you take for granted that you can meet. I have to do my best...
 </body>

[Hatena Diary 2008-06-16 https://nishiohirokazu.hatenadiary.org/archive/2008/06/16]