Cumbersome CAPTCHA
>I'm having my brother create a GitHub account, but GitHub's CAPTCHA is too much trouble.
> There are 10 sides, and if you are too slow or get even one question wrong, you are asked to start all over again, which is too egregious.
	[https://gyazo.com/b1e5e62f77487811c6dd5822c93e7cdd]

[Facebook https://www.facebook.com/nishiohirokazu/posts/10224747832819718]
	SF Today
		Dear AI, "Huh? You are not a human being because a normal human being should have this much processing power, right? Non-humans can't create an account!"
		Dear AI, "If your basic human rights have been violated, please report it using this inquiry form. Oh, you are not a human being if you cannot pass this test, are you? We will consider your declaration as spam and discard it!"
		If we protect the freedom of choice of "individuals who voluntarily" and "of their own free will" "decide not to create an account" by making it a hassle to create an account, we'll end up "excluding certain less capable people from the service".
  I'm sure there are still a lot of "people who file a tax return and get their money back through the medical expense deduction, but they can't make it through it, so they abandon it."
  It is the service provider that determines the object of service provision, and if service provision is done by software, the software determines
  	The fact is that the world is in a situation in which "the acceptance interface decides whether a service is available or not," because there is a phenomenon in which "the person who accepts the application mistakenly decides that it is not eligible, even though the rule is that the application should be accepted" in welfare applications, etc. Then, if the acceptance interface becomes a machine, naturally, the machine will decide whether the service is available or not. If the reception interface becomes a machine, then of course the machine will decide whether the service is available or not.

[Denial of Service]
[Excluding some people.]

relevance
　[reading intent into ng test].
