Win by mechanism design
[https://gyazo.com/567c5ad1cc4dea977843c096cbe7b0b4]
 Winning by [Mechanism Design] Business Applications of [Microeconomics
 [Toyotaka Sakai], Auction Lab (2020)
	[Amazon https://amzn.to/3vTZI0T]

It was vertically written, a book that looked like a transcript of a talking book.

Sellers have no idea what's going on in the buyer's head.
　= [information asymmetry].
　That's where we gather information at the auction.

Auction, image mixed
　Bid up, bid down
　sealed type
　　First price, second price

second price
　strategicity

What are the benefits to the seller?
　I don't know in general.

The second price system has only been taught in economics departments for the last 20 years.

Relationship between bidding and second price
　Match in standard model
　Effects of Heat-Up
　　Humans are emotionally capable of bidding more than their pre-assessed value.
　　　Wanting to win, resistance to not getting it
　　　About 10-15% of experimental subjects heat up.
　　　　The author's impression is that it's not just people who are emotionally heated up, but also people who lack knowledge or strongly believe in something else and calmly choose to act in a damaging way.
　　Heat-up does not occur in the sealed type.
　update
　　Update your own evaluation by looking at others' evaluations

I don't want them to say, "I don't want to pay for it" after the auction results.
　Good if executed automatically -> Smart Contracts

Auction operator fishes
 shill bidding
 If it's first price, the bidder pays his bid, no problem.
 With a second price, a price-fixing attack could be established by the operator looking at the winning bid of a potential bidder and bidding slightly below that amount.

Auction of coins issued
　Issuance of financial instruments
　Primary and secondary markets
　　Primary market is auction oriented, because the appropriate price is unknown.
　　IPOs are primary but not auctioned.
　　Equity secondary market auctions
　　　Whoever gets the highest price can buy it.
　　No auctioning off fish at the supermarket.
　　　Low unit price
　　　No day-to-day = significant disadvantages of taking longer to trade.
　　government bonds
　　　Primary Market: JGB Auction by MOF Finance Bureau
　　　Secondary market: BOJ is buying.
　　　Multiple Homogeneous Goods Auction
　　　　Bid Payment Method
　　　　　Same as the first price method when a single good
　　　　　[Differentiated pricing, as opposed to uniform pricing
　　　　Uniform price method, runner-up price method
　　　　　Cheapest winning bid OR most expensive losing bid
　　　　　Not strategically resistant.
　　　　　Honesty gains with strategy resistance = lower decision-making costs for bidders.
　　　　Vickrey method
　　　　　Pay the maximum on losing bids other than your own.

Bidding by English clock
　Prices go up, each person wants less.
　End at the point where the sum of demand is less than supply.
　Experimental results prone to higher prices

Example of financier
　Auction design to avoid unsold items
　Bid the amount you want to pay.
　The amount of money collected on the clock goes down.
　Ends with a match.



Real Estate Auction Examples
　10-minute rule
　　Ends 10 minutes after the last bid.
　　To avoid being inundated with deadlines
　Real estate auctions were lifted in 1999.
　Bidding down auction of unsold items from post-bubble cleanup
　　Bidding down is viable with only one buyer, but bidding up is at the lowest price.
　　This is due to the fact that the buyer is not informed that "the buyer is alone".

Auctions are easy to [convince].
　Price accountability
　Transparency in the decision-making process contributes to conviction.

Simultaneous Bidding Auction
　I want to combine different goods for sale.
　Selling two houses, want one but don't need two.
　Frequency Auction
　Individual Auctions
　Keep accepting bids until everything stops.
sequential auction
　unfavorable

stable matching
　[Acceptance and withholding algorithm]
　　Gale-Shapley algorithm
　　Meet the strategic resistance: Honesty pays off!
　Difficult to rank when the number of people increases
　　You'll have to rank them by their grades.
　Simultaneous bidding auctions and acceptance withholding algorithms are [generalized acceptance withholding algorithm].

Dormitory room exchange
　Top Trading Cycle Algorithm
　Pareto improvement
　[strong core allocation]
　Application to renal transplantation

The ability to rate well leads to ease of application of matching theory.

voting
　Quadratic Voting
　Can reflect strength of preference
　A certain amount of credits are distributed.
　There are multiple themes for the ballot.
　Distribute credits on a theme.
　　You get 10 votes for 100 credits.
　Will be used in Colorado.
　Why or how it's good hasn't been proven.
　majority judgment
　　Ordinary majority rule is vulnerable to vote splitting.
　　MJ will solve this problem.
　　　For example, rate each candidate on a 7-point scale
　　　The median value is the candidate's social rating
　　A two-step process is called an endorsement vote.
　　　MJ positioned as an improved version of the endorsement vote
　　　2011
　　　　Until this came out, majority rule with a deciding vote and the Boulder Rule were being discussed.
　　Why choose the median?
　　　Strong strategic operation
　　　It's proven (what exactly?).
　　More information than choosing one.
　　　Candidate Correlations
　　　A few ardent fans/weakly supported by many.

[The Economics of Decisions]
