How can we create services that will continue to be used?

[Hook model]
---
I read "[Hooked] Hammering: New Rules of [Psychology] x [Design] for Creating Continuously Used Services".

In order for a service to "continue to be used," it is important how to create "habits" among customers. Therefore, we consider the "process of creating habits" in the following four phases.

 trigger
 action
 reward
 investment
[https://gyazo.com/7832cfe15495c235f2d4a76b0379f821]
	http://www.stephengay.com/?p=315

The story of behavior being reinforced by trigger-action rewards is familiar to anyone who has studied psychology. You've probably heard of [the Skinner box experiment] or [Pavlov's dog].  #BehaviorAnalysis

I knew that much too, but after reading this book, I realized a blind spot. There is no business perspective in these experiments, as a matter of course.

From a business perspective, that is, when thinking about getting users to use the service you have created, the cost of the trigger becomes an issue. Triggers are not free. It costs money to advertise. Therefore, we want to quickly bring users to a state (i.e., habit) of triggering themselves. How do we get users to trigger themselves?

The fourth piece added as a way to achieve this is "investment.

Immediately after a user gets a reward from a service, the user feels compelled to do something in return. It's the "principle of return." If the user is in this state, he or she can be made to perform a task for which no immediate reward is given.

Let the user set the future trigger himself here. This should lead them to believe that they will be rewarded in the future, but not immediately. By telling them that doing so will make you happy and the service will be happy, the principle of return is at work.

The triggers set will cause the user to return, use the service, and repeat the process. The more time and money the user spends on the service, the more the user will believe that the service is worth it.


This kind of psychological manipulation is feasible regardless of whether it is actually valuable to the user. [This is manifested in the statement that "power that cannot be abused is not great power. The authors address this ethical issue in Chapter 6. In a nutshell, they say, "It is best to provide services that improve users' lives while also being used by the creators themselves.

-
This book was donated to Cybozu Lab by Shoeisha. Also, there will be an event tomorrow to celebrate the publication of the book. We have been invited to this event as well. Thank you very much.