Why publish your personal project?
Interesting discussion point, I'll write about it later.
　Why use [/takker/public-private-project]?

I felt like I wouldn't write if I said "I'll write later," so I'm going to write a bit of a mess.

 There are many different "reasons to do it," but none of them are "strong enough reasons to say 'you should do it' about everyone."
 I think the "doing" is pre-existing, and the reason for doing it is being created after the fact.

So I write this page not for the purpose of telling others why they should do it, but to help me understand myself.

　>Appeal that you are not slacking off
　 I don't have this feeling.
　>Throw a URL and we can share it.
　 This is strong.
　 In some cases, they're using it as a way to write a coherent amount of text and share it with others via URL.
　 　Example: https://twitter.com/nishio/status/1410449216397185025?s=21
　 　But not all.
　 　Some pages post their URLs to Twitter and Facebook after writing them, but not all.
　　I had something I wrote in a private project that was not mine alone that I wanted to share with others who were not there, and the system is running with automatic reprints to the public project once a day, but the most recent thing I wrote is not on the public side.
　　　I gave up sharing the latest because it was too much trouble, but ideally I would have liked to be able to share it instantly.
　　The main reason why I don't think [Scrapbox private to public transfer] will meet my needs?
　　　If it's one page, can I just reprint it myself in PUBLIC?
　　　　If it's a situation where you're going to instantly share it with others, the target is usually one page, so that's okay.
　　　　Generally, I'll give you a number of pages of what I'm thinking about.
　　　I get feedback on what I SHARE, and I have to make many additions and corrections.
　　　　It is tedious to repeatedly write in PRIVATE and reprint in PUBLIC
　　　　I'm going to make the mistake of editing public because it's a hassle and forgetting to reflect it in private.
　>I can look back at my writing and improve it.
　 [Social triggers] give you the opportunity to read it again.
　 You could write it down in a paper diary and look back at it every day for the last six months.
　 　There's even a diary where the decade is on a single page.
　 　I find it useful to compare my previous and current thinking and see what has changed and what has not
　 I'm not bean enough to keep a journal every day.
 　 I don't even read it seriously and consistently.
 　 I'd like some kind of read-back trigger for people like that.
 　 A "past mention in an article" is a signal that the article remains worth mentioning over time.
 　 The other [Facebook's "This Day in the Past"] feature also has value as a trigger.
 >I can receive stimuli that are out of my intended range.
 >[Date last visited] to find pages that may be of value to others.
  [/rashitamemo/Scrapbox allows others to "koo" the cards].
　　I've never done this, I'll give it a try, but so far I'm not really moved by it.
　　　This is a "get more social triggers" approach, and "see" is easier to gather information than "mention" because the hurdle for action is lower.
　　　I'm not really interested in that information.
　　　"What value is there in information that is viewed by an unspecified person with no output?"
　　　This depends on the situation.
　　　　If your job is to write books for the general public, it is useful to know what an unspecified number of people who do not output
　　　　It's information that is hard to obtain because it's not output, and it's valuable to get it.
> Be aware of your writing
	>I haven't thought about this [takker.icon].
	> It's a place to dump around what comes into your brain, not a place you want others to see.
	Sometimes I get my sentences in order, sometimes I don't.
　[I'm a stranger in the future, so I'm not going to read what I want my future self to read.
　　For example, giving a page a decent title means you want your future self to read it.
　　Specifically with this project, the "Nodes of Thought" series is an example of "not a proper title"
　　　I don't need to read it to know, but I write down the keywords that seem to be related or important, like for example, I was chatting with people that day and various topics came up.

What came out over time
　[Fear of being lost].
What came out further in time
　[publish to protect your freedom to implement your ideas].
What came out over a year later
	from [/villagepump/Scrapbox text may be readable to LLM].
	 I suddenly remembered that the reason why I started writing my lessons learned and thoughts in a public forum is because [Google search appeared] when I was a college student and "I could do a 'smart search' if I left it in a public forum"!
		　Back then, you still couldn't do a smart search if you remained private.
		　I wrote a series of articles to remind myself of what I had done in the past.

relevance
　[Public or private project?]
　[Why go public?]
