Publish to protect your freedom to implement your ideas.
Publish your ideas as soon as you come up with them to protect your own ideas.
[One answer to "Why publish?

Come up with an idea X.
　CASE 1: If you keep it only in your mind
　　When I heard another person A talking about a similar idea Y
　　It's lame to say, without proof, "I was thinking something similar."
　　The "goodness" rating of an idea is increased by the fact that someone else thought of something similar.
　　　Then shall we begin?
　　　If you hadn't done it before and suddenly start doing it, it looks like "I heard Y and then I came up with a similar idea X and did it.
　　　If Y is spoken in a closed forum, it could be said that publishing your idea X is "taking it and changing it slightly and publishing it as if it were your own idea".
　　　Frustration sets in when you find yourself in a situation where "I was thinking about X before I heard about Y, and now I can't do X."
　　　　Especially noticeable when you think X is better than Y.
　CASE 2: If the information was disclosed in advance
　　Able to implement idea X without fear that others will say it's a cliche.
　　Because it can indicate a previous consideration note prior to the timing of the hearing
　　If the discussion note is not just an idea, but is sufficiently developed and informative enough to be used as a reference for others.
　　　Can tell person A who submitted idea Y.
　　　　This is not tacky because it is not an appeal to "I was first" but rather "providing information that might be useful", unlike saying "I was thinking something similar too" without proof.
　　　　I'm explicitly giving it to you, so there's no problem with A using X's information, which was public information to begin with.
　　　　I have no problem continuing with X. I'm the original.

This may not be a viable situation for many.
　Position to know the "new ideas" of many junior staff in a secret state.
　　I would be very embarrassed if it were deemed that I took advantage of my position to take ideas from a junior member of the team.
　　On the other hand, if you make that similar idea unworkable for the dozens of "ideas" that emerge each year, you hinder your own free research.

Specific example 1
 When the skip list was being implemented at Unexplored, my colleagues in the company were also implementing a skip list.
 Neither of them had published it, so I had to worry about not being able to pass that information on to either of them.
 At this point, I probably decided not to look at either and not to get deeply involved in either project.

Specific example 2
 A theme very close to what we are doing at the company was adopted as an unexplored theme.
 I've been trying to avoid getting involved, but of all people, the PM is trying to get me to communicate with him.
 　Eventually, we stopped doing some of the things we were doing in-house.
 　　The feeling of creating something new is diminished by the slightest concern.

Specific example 3
 http://www.interaction-ipsj.org/archives/paper2006/pdf2006/interactive/paper0183.pdf
 You can brainstorm alone by talking to bots.
 The time frame is so far apart from my current Keicho that there would be no suspicion of piracy, but what if this was around the same time?
