People who put things back where they belong and where they can be seen.
I delved into the question of whether there was some difference in their perception of the world with regard to "putting things back in their place," and came up with an interesting hypothesis.

Since my wife shared the children's room with her sister, a mental model was formed that "things placed at random will move on their own. On the other hand, since I was the only one in the room, I formed the mental model that "things placed at random will continue to be there.
	The difference between these two mental models characteristically appears when, for example, you are about to make something up and leave the seat
		In my wife's case, she implicitly feels that if she doesn't put it away properly, it will break; in my case, she feels that she can just leave it on the desk where she was working.
		Both decisions are reasonable in their respective environments. In my environment, it was reasonable to leave them out where I could see them, because putting them away would have incurred the overhead of starting the work.

The timing of their adult life, when they started living alone, was a drastic change in their environment for both of them.
	First, in my wife's case, "When you live alone, no one moves stuff, so stuff stays where it's put!" This was a shock to me.
 	The next time you experience, for example, "I can't find the scissors," you will think that it is 100% your fault because there is no one to move them on their own.
 	Either "things are not where I thought they were" is a mistake "I thought they were" or I didn't put them there in the past
 		Trying to solve this problem creates the actions of "making clear where things belong" and "putting things back there properly.
 	The key point in comparison to me is that the behavior of "putting it away out of sight" was formed in my childhood.
	Secondly, in my case, the rate at which things increase has increased since I was a child due to the increase in purchasing power that comes with being a working adult.
		This allowed "the old to be covered and hidden by the newly emerged" to occur.
		Then the "something you put around the corner will be gone before you know it" will start to occur with a slowly increasing probability.
		Even so, the strategy of "keep what you just used in the vicinity" maintains the "keep what you just used in the vicinity" behavior, as the "frequently used items come near the surface" nature emerges.
		In addition, it becomes a "search from the top of the strata when you can't find what you need" behavior.
		In other words, we implicitly think, "The probability is high that what we need now is where we can see it."

So, when these two start living together, another drastic change in their environment occurs.
	However, since we were both highly adaptable, we were able to live for 10 years without noticing the difference in our fundamental perception of the world.
	From the wife's perspective, it appears that "the scissors are moving from where they should be to the desk."
		This is an act of "putting yourself back where you belong" because of what you experienced as a child.
	From my point of view, it appears that "scissors are not in the vicinity".
		My wife gradually learns to keep the scissors in a specific place and brings them from there.
	And when I was at work during the day, the rate of entropy increase due to my presence was greater than the rate of entropy decrease due to my wife's presence, so we were in a low entropy state.
		However, a year and a half ago, I began to be at home constantly.
			In fact, I spend more time at home than my wife, considering the time we spend out for shopping.
			This is where the entropy increase began.

I haven't figured out what to do from here yet, but I think I've identified the phenomenon correctly.

I think it's basically the same "it's in the back if you can see it, if not, it's in the back" mentality as my mental model, buying a big bookshelf that goes up to the ceiling.
	In computer terms, the model is to deploy data in memory that can be retrieved at high speed and then retrieve all the data when needed.

On the other hand, the wife's mental model does not rely on a list
	You can pinpoint where the most frequently used items are.
	The ones that are not, I know approximately where they are located, so I look for them in the surrounding area.
	In other words, this is a model similar to the way a database narrows down the range of data by creating an index.
	>I know approximately where it is.
		There is a natural principle that "everything related to cooking belongs in the kitchen."
		Mental model of "things should be near where they are used."
		This is replicated in the same way in "put it somewhere after use" or "consider the situation in which it will be used and decide where to put it".
			However, this principle is not always balanced in the physical world
			For example, you can't put all the books you use to work at your desk around your desk.
	   As for reference materials, it works well to digitize more and more.
	   The downside for mental models like me is that I become "invisible".
		   But you can use "search" instead.
	   The computer will find it for you.

Another cognitive characteristic of mine is that my cognitive resolution is very low with respect to anything other than what I am thinking about right now.
	So after you take the vacuum cleaner out and clean it, if you think you might use it again, you don't put it back in and leave it there, and then when you don't think about the vacuum cleaner anymore, you walk across it and don't recognize that you left the vacuum cleaner out and it's in the way.
	>"The old is covered and hidden by what newly appears" occurs/"Keep what you just used on the periphery," and "The most frequently used items come near the surface."
		Okay, so this means "anything related to what we're doing right now is on the surface."
	Using Scrapbox on an individual basis to display in Date modified order is very much in line with the "recently used on the surface" type mental model.
		In the case of Date last visited order, the feeling of being scattered by itself becomes stronger.
		My wife feels "unorganized" in Scrapbox because it causes her to want to "decide where to put things."

memo
Materials in paper form and their own intermediate productions.
physical prototype

relevance
　[who wants to be seen and who wants to fit in]
　[Tidying up]
