Mercury 2021
I want to dispose of unneeded items.

2021-07-19
 Wife: My husband says, "I'll give you the proceeds, but you have to list it on Mercari for me!" I'll give you the proceeds, so you can list it on Mercari instead of me!
 Me: I am
 	I don't know if you are joking or serious, but of course it's not good. It means that you are estimating the value of knowledge far higher than money.
  In order of preference, "A: knowledge + sales + disappearance of goods", "B: knowledge + disappearance of goods", "C: no change", and "D: disappearance of goods"; "A is ideal but B is also acceptable" does not mean "D is better than C".
  Perhaps knowledge is implicitly downplayed, so that "B: (knowledge +) disappearance of things + big hassle" vs. "D: disappearance of things + small hassle" means that D is better than B.
  So if the hassle is too great and you don't want to do it, please do "restore it to its original place" instead of "throw it away", and if the amount you get for the hassle is not worth it, you can make an additional agreement, for example, "pay an additional 2x labor charge for x profit".

After this, he did not want to do it, so we collected the goods.
Well, if you don't want to do it, you don't have a choice.

2021-08-02
	I exhibited it anyway because it was [a day when one grain is multiplied by ten thousand].
	　3 cases, ¥5,000 each, little or no product description documentation, 3 photos each showing product features
	　In less than an hour, everything was sold.
 I thought my wife was better at it than I was, so I tried to leave it to her, but as it turns out, neither of us are good at it at all, and if anything, I'm better at it than she is.
　 The type of unskillfulness seems to be different.
　 My wife seemed afraid that communication costs would be higher, but so far verbal communication hasn't occurred at all.
　 I find shipping sold items a hassle.
　Specific Notes
　　We were able to see similar items already on the market through our search, so we looked at the set categories of what was selling and imitated them.
　　　I'll also refer to the description at that time.
　　　Product A (two)
　　　　This was an unexpected category, I wouldn't have chosen it myself.
　　 　The product was in an unopened box, but it said "open and send by Yu-packet" and that's how they sold it, so I was like, "Oh, that's how you do it?
　　 　Three photos of outer box (cropped and brightened), a photo of detailed information, and a photo of proof that the box is unopened, no description
　　 　Would two make $8,000?" but both were sold before I could reply, and it seems that I don't reply when they are sold, so no communication occurred.
　　 Product B (set of 4 types)
　　  I've checked and it's sold and unsold for $2,000.
　　  Set sales are surprisingly taking place, and they're also being contracted.
　　  If an individual is trying to get one of each type, the set sale should not close so many deals, and there will be frequent negotiations like "can I buy just X?" and the listing will be withdrawn and a dedicated listing will be created, but there is no sign of that.
　　  Maybe this is not for collection purposes, but someone who has a sales channel other than Mercari is buying for stocking purposes.
　　  　Not for sale to shareholders, so the only way to purchase quantities is by buying from individuals.
　　  The fact that $2,000 items remain unsold means the profit line is lower than that.
　impressions
　　I didn't understand it because I have very little experience buying on Mercury itself, but it seems like there are repeat buyers in every category.
　　　Don't bother or negotiate, buy immediately if it matches the person's sense of the market price.
　　I don't know, but I wonder if there is an exhibit notification-like feature, and the fact that it is put out at 11pm and there is a response within a few minutes is behavior like that.
　I started doing Mercari in the first place because I heard from [Tomoya] Tachikawa's lecture on entrepreneurship that there was a lot to be learned by doing Mercari (I have no particular plans to start a business, but I became interested in it).
　　I've achieved 10,000 by selling unused items, but it's hard to achieve 100,000... I don't think I have that much to sell.
　　Ha, speaking of lots of stuff at home...
　　 [https://gyazo.com/8507002adef46d0fb5f6764ab8ef47de]
   They're being cut up and sold w
   I wonder if the uncut book sells for 1,300 yen while the cut one sells for 800 yen. I guess many people still find value in the book form.
  Maybe it's like this, "Is there anything to sell?" or "Will this sell?" I wonder if it means that we can learn to have a sense of antennae like this.
  　In that sense, it's a place where you can observe other people's business transactions, and it's a learning experience.

2021-08-03
　Shipped.
　I went to the post office and asked a lot of questions and it took about 20 minutes.
　Do you have a special box for Mercury?"
　　not (verb-negating suffix; may indicate question or invitation with rising intonation)
　I was shown a Yu-Packet Plus box and that's what I was hoping for, so I buy one.
　　Commodity A is in, but not commodity B.
　Buy a larger box.
　　They call it a 60-size Yu-packet.
　For all of them, if you hold up the QR code on your phone to the machine at the post office, an address sticker (no address on it, privacy delivery?) will come out.
　With Yu-packet, three cards come out.
　　If you give it to the post office, they will paste it and return a copy to you.
　They say payment for postage does not occur on the spot.
　　Will it be deducted from the Mercury sales?
