Teaching my wife about the Monty Hall issue.
Wife: I don't understand what you're talking about when you have those three boxes and you have one winner and you pick A and then they say, 'C is the wrong box,' you should change to B.
Me: What do you mean?
Wife: Since either A or B is the winner, both have a probability of 1/2, so isn't it the same either way?
Me: Okay, so let's think about the point in time before we hear 'C is a hash': there was one winner in each of the three boxes, and I picked one box, A, from there. What are the odds of that being a hit?
Wife: 1/3
Me: Then what is the probability that B or C is a winner?
Wife: 2/3
Me: Yes, the probability that B or C is a winner is 2/3. Now suppose we are told that "C is not a winner" What is the probability that B is a winner?
Wife: 1/2
Me: I see. Let's change the problem a bit. Here are two boxes B and C, and one of them is a winner.
Wife: 1/2
Me: So what is the probability that B is a winner, having been told "C is a misfit"?
Wife: 1?...it's weird how the odds fluctuate like that. It's like we were talking about the future and suddenly we're talking about the past.
Me: I see. Okay, let me clarify. We are not talking about the future here at all, it is already a definite box, and the game master knows it, we just don't know it.
Wife: hmmm
Me: Let's talk about something else. Here are the dice, I rolled them out of sight of you, what are the odds that you got a 1?
Wife: 1/6
Me: Yeah. And suppose the game master glances at it and says, "It was an even number." What are the odds that it's an eye of 1?
Wife: Can I assume that person is honest? Then it's zero.
Me: Yeah. You've changed the probabilities with the knowledge you've gained. If the game master says, "It was an odd number," what is the probability that it is an eye of 1?
Wife: 1/3
Me: Yes. In other words, knowledge changes the probability of an event that has been confirmed in the past but of which we do not yet know the details.

Wife: What were we talking about?
Me: Here are two boxes B, C and one of them is a winner. what is the probability that B is a winner?
Wife: 1/2
Me: What is the probability that B is a winner after being told that C is a misfit?
Wife: 1
Me: Now another question, here are two boxes B, C, and the probability that one of them is a winner is 2/3. What is the probability that B is a winner?
Wife: 1/3
Me: What is the probability that B is a winner after being told that C is a misfit?
Wife: 2/3, um, weird.
Me: What's weird?
Wife: Where there are only two and then three.
Me: Okay, so here are two boxes B, C, and the probability that one of them is a winner is 1. After being told that C is a misfit, what is the probability that B is a winner?
Wife: 1
Me: Here are two boxes B, C. The probability that one of them is a winner is 0. After being told that C is a miss, what is the probability that B is a winner?
Wife: 0
Me: Here are two boxes B, C. The probability that one of them is a winner is x. What is the probability that B is a winner after being told that C is a misfit?
Wife: x
Me: Here are two boxes B, C. The probability that one of them is a winner is 2/3. After being told that C is a miss, what is the probability that B is a winner?
Wife: 2/3 or...

Wife: I understand that the probability of A is 1/3 and the probability of B is 2/3. But I don't agree with the part where we should change the choice just because the probability of per is high.
Me: That is a matter of personal values, so it is not within the realm of mathematics. Mathematics can only go so far as to say "the probability is high" and "whether or not you think the action of choosing the one with the highest probability is a good idea" is a matter of personal values.
Wife: I'm going to regret when I change to B and A is still the winner.
Me: That's not crazy. It has been reported that many humans feel a great loss when they give up what they once gained.
