Nodal Point of Thought 2021-08-08
Experience Dracula's story.
　relevance
　　[Experience]
　　[You can't be strong if you run away from difficulties.]
　Experience and player skill are two different things.
　　Even in Dracula, you need to understand the effects of the magic you learn to use it effectively.
　　Turn-based RPGs are relatively easy
　　　Mario Bros. Mario Bros. does not raise the bar.
　　　With time, anyone could clear it.
　　　　This was a turning point in the world.
　action game
　It was a game of getting stronger through the simple labor of leveling up.
　You have to go to the nether to get clearance.
　　But not everyone is looking to clear it.
　　Dedicated branch miners
 　A person who gets a sense of accomplishment from farming around the first house in Micra and seeing the wheat accumulate in the chest.
 　People who need to check every square in Dracula to feel comfortable.
　Times change depending on whether you have certain resources or not.
　　I am also interpreting it in a [technology tree] way, because I am recognizing it that way.

If I didn't know, I wouldn't think of going.
　I don't think I'd want to dig underground very much in a normal life.
　"The world opens up to me as I gain knowledge."
　　I'm getting from outside the game where I haven't been yet, and what I can get there.
　　That's where YouTube's Micra Live!
　　　Information can be obtained even at an age when one cannot read Chinese characters.

People who can't see the movie
　You need to check the details beforehand before you can see it with confidence.
People who check out a restaurant on a food log before going there.
When information was not available, the only way to get it was to "try it out".
Information is now available and we can "improve our experience by researching".
question (e.g. on a test)
　I don't know where the end is.
　[diminishing returns].
　I think it's [intermittent reinforcement].
　[https://gyazo.com/9bc8c9814528029f425790a19d535234]

relevance
　[You'd be better off investing in a new S-curve].
