A Word to Unexplored Youth Current Students
Blog post written on 2011-01-15
	[Hatena2011-01-15]

---
[*** Words of encouragement to current unexplored youth students].

In order to create horizontal connections across fields, the "Boost Meeting" is held when all the "Unexplored Youth" adopters get together and announce "What I am going to do now! The "Boost Conference" is held for the purpose of creating horizontal connections across fields. In addition, it is important not only to make horizontal connections for each year, but also to make vertical connections to create a web of connections. That is why several alumni are invited to give a presentation every year. As a member of the first class of "Unexplored Youth" (2002), I have participated in the conference many times.

However, of course, the number of alumni will continue to grow. Time is finite. The venue is also finite. It becomes difficult to present what you have done, what you are interested in, and what you want to tell the current students, without any time limit and no limit on the number of people, just like in the early days. Then I realized, does it really have to be in the format of a "presentation"?

It is not necessary to make a presentation for the purpose of making a connection among the "Unexplored Youth" adopters across the fiscal year. It is not necessary to make a presentation for the purpose of communicating what you want to say.

And one more point. There is no need to limit it to "adopters of unexplored youth programs. It is true that there are some contents that are unique to "Unexplored Youth," so it does not apply to everyone, but I think there is no need to limit it to "adopters of Unexplored Youth. After two years of teaching at the "Security and Programming Camp" (CEPCAMP), I strongly agree. There are a number of people who participated in CEPCAN and later applied for the Unexplored Youth Program. It is not a separate community, but a slightly dense part of a larger community that is loosely interconnected. Then there is no need to draw boundaries between them.

That's why I decided to blog about it this year instead of making an announcement.

[** self introduction].

A first-year (2002) Unexplored Youth alumnus, he currently works for Cybozu Labs, Inc. He was an instructor at the Security & Programming Camp and recently wrote a feature article "Fundamentals of Language Design" in connection with it.

[** what I want to tell you...]

That I didn't see a lot of things when I did my unexplored youth eight or nine years ago, or something.

[** A: There is a difference between listening to someone's opinion and following someone's opinion].

I think the first thing that needs to be said is this. People say things like, "You should do this," or "That's no good," but that doesn't mean that you have to follow this opinion. Rather, if you accept such opinions and your axis wavers, you will feel "Is this guy all right? I feel that. We alumni (or should I say "I"?) do not want you to accept such opinions, but to compare them with your own axis and say, "That opinion is not wrong, but I disagree with it because I have this vision! or "You don't understand! You don't understand!" or "That idea will cause these problems! I expect a rebuttal. I don't see the value in being a yes-man.

The reason I brought this up first is because I want you to understand that what I have written here is of course only an opinion. I don't expect you to respond with, "Thank you for your opinion.

[** B: The goal is when you die.]

Just as college acceptance is not the goal, neither is the adoption of unexplored youth. Well, you know that, don't you? You know that, don't you? However, reporting the results of your research is not the goal either. Because at that point, you have only received about 3 million yen from the government to create the software you want to create. When are you going to give it back?

We don't expect you to give back in cash. Instead, we should give back to society more than the amount of money we have received, through experience, self-confidence, and the creation of a community and connections with our peers. What form of return should be considered is up to each individual. Each person may have his or her own strengths and weaknesses.

Now, when will that return end? No one can measure this precisely, so you can stop when you feel you have finished giving back. However, at least as far as I am concerned, what I gained as a result of being selected as an "Unexplored Youth" is far greater than the amount of money I gained during the "Unexplored Youth" period. And it is still increasing. If it continues to increase in the future, I won't be able to pay it back even if it takes me the rest of my life. So the goal is when I die.

Well, this is just a nail in the coffin for those who don't have the "pay back what you borrowed" mindset, so don't get too worked up about it.

[** C: keep records in searchable form].

Keep records in a searchable form, so that you can look at them 10 years from now. I am sure that many of the adopters will be students. They are busy with development, and then with their master's theses, graduation projects, and job hunting, and then they join a company and are flailing about trying to fit in to their new environment, and then they suddenly realize that they have forgotten everything, what they did and how far they went, and what they wanted to do next. What a waste of time.

This is not a one-man job. I can't tell you how many projects I've killed because I forgot about them after not touching them for a while, and the hurdles to restarting them became too high, and my attention shifted to new ones....

It would be hard to maintain a properly organized document. That is why I think it would be good to have searchable digital data with dates and sets of daily thoughts, etc. as a minimum line.

[** D: To publish one's results. To publish on the Web. In English.]]

Of course, there will be an opportunity to present the results after the development period, but you can do so as often as you like. You should also disclose information that you have no problem disclosing (except for cases where you cannot disclose the information for business or patent reasons). (Except in cases where business or patents prohibit disclosure.)

I think the typical mindset of people who don't send out information is "I don't know if this is good enough to send out information," isn't that crazy? They don't act because they can't decide whether to act or not? Without a clear reason? When will you ever know, "I don't know if this is something worth sending out information about?" When will you ever know?

When the content of information dissemination is carefully selected, the person who sent the information because he/she wanted a response is depressed because of the unexpected lack of response. This makes the mental hurdle of sending out information even higher. If you send out information on a regular basis, you will be pleased when you get a response to something unexpected. This makes information dissemination fun.

I say "on the Web" because it's easier if someone has a URL to tell others that they found something interesting. For example, [Visualizing Ruby http://d.hatena.ne.jp/nishiohirokazu/20100821/1282397221]. Of course, the reason for "in English" is that there are far more people who can read it that way. In my experience, I've seen things that were published in Japanese and didn't get a very good response, but when I published them in English, they were mentioned on Russian pages. Also, if you put a video on YouTube with an English title, you may be surprised at the number of comments you get. It's interesting to see how the seeds are planted and how they come to fruition when you least expect it.


Now, some people will bombard you with negative messages when you engage in such activities. We have to distinguish whether the negative messages contain useful information or are simply an emotional backlash. And it often happens that a message comes down with no particularly useful information. That's just the way it is. It's like an evening shower in the summer. So it's best not to worry about it. There is no point in arguing or complaining to the sky. The ability to go through with it is important.

[** E: Community].

Now, as to why the Unexplored Youth program brings all the developers together for a boosting meeting, my interpretation is that they are hoping to create synergy in the future by creating links and networks among creative people from different industries. So everyone should communicate with other adopters even after the adoption period is over.

However, I am not good at communication, although many people seem to misunderstand me. I am not good at talking to strangers. I am the type of person who would choose e-mail if I had the choice of both telephone and e-mail because I don't really like voice communication to begin with. But that doesn't mean I should give up on communication. There are many tools available. There are mailing lists, Skype, IRC, Twitter, and so on.


Another reason why communication is so important. When I was doing unexplored youth, I was obsessed with improving my own skills and expanding my field. However, after I was no longer a student and had less time at my disposal, I realized that human time and energy are finite, so if I try to do everything on my own, my performance will not improve much. In the case of programming languages, it is more efficient to design a class that has references to other classes that are implemented better than yours, rather than to implement many methods in a single class. For example, many people don't know much about taxation or blue-collar work. It's not a bad idea to learn it yourself, but there are plenty of alumni who know a lot about it, so why not rely on them? This is not an escape or a free ride. For such a relationship to be sustainable, of course there must be something that you can offer to the other party, and we are talking about creating a mutually beneficial relationship through such an exchange of value.

So, even if you are not good at it, try your best to communicate during the unexplored period.

[** Finally].

I'm sure I'll have more to say if I take the time, but for now I'll just post it here, since the reception is coming up soon.