Consideration of Micra's chair and desk
Conclusion as of 2021-10-17
　Invisible blocks with a hit point are prepared under the name "barrier".
　You should stop trying to make it look and feel the same.
　　Place barriers where hit points are needed.
　　The appearance is achieved with items placed in invisible frames.
　　...I think it's less of a burden on the brain to make that split.


Here are some initial thoughts
[https://gyazo.com/c66c416a20492040e4e4096eabd58682]
Item frames (picture frames) can be placed on the full block and the topped half block (slab).
Pressure-sensitive plates and bottomed half blocks have floating item frames.
Carpet lines up without gaps, unlike pressure-sensitive versions, but item frames cannot be placed.

 table::
  	Floor frame Lower slab block Stairway Upper slab Pressure sensitive plate Carpet
 	Frame can be placed x x o o o o x x
  45 degree rotation o x x x x x x
  Rotate 90 degrees o x x o x x x
  Lighting o x x * o o o
		Can sit x o o o o o o

As for the chair, just cover the appearance with a frame on the invisible block/top slab.
　Not being able to put a frame on top is not a problem because you don't pile more stuff on top.
[https://gyazo.com/a29d6c1aac5a6defd31823d6ce8cbdc4]

Regarding the desk, one block is also a problem for villagers to climb on.
　Floating placement at height 2 or
Problems when trying to combine them to make a wider desk.

With the fence, it's 1.5 high, so villagers won't get on it.
　It's a model that joins together, so you might be able to make a wide desk with it.
　It needs to be full width because you can't see the shape next to it when you're in the crosshairs.
　I can round the corners.
　[Minecraft Fence Model]
[https://gyazo.com/054cdc33bd8a8c349b68cb7cbaca7dc3]
　Unfortunately, this could not be framed in the usual way.
　Maybe we can summon the framing of the fixed attribute.

It looks like in the old days you could place things on trapdoors placed on top of the fence, but now it doesn't look like you can.

The most stable way to make a square desk with half blocks such that the top is 2.0 high
When trying to create complex shapes, the problem is that the half block is not oriented
table::
	 	Lower slab Block Staircase Upper slab
 Frame can be placed x o o o o
 45 degree rotation x x x x
 Rotate 90 degrees x x o x
 Lighting o o o o o
 I can sit o o o o o
