I'm reading about metaphors.
January 4, 2015 [Faecbook https://www.facebook.com/nishiohirokazu/posts/10204942764905398]
[Metaphors in Mind]

	I'm reading about [metaphors].
	I am reading about metaphors...so what do you want to see happen with it?
	I think I have a general idea of what [clean language] and [symbolic modeling] are for, but I don't feel like I'm really into it yet, so I'm wondering if reading the big book will help me notice any blind spots I'm missing.
	When I read the Japanese book, I don't think it talked about the five stages, nor did it say anything about the purpose of each stage and appropriate questions.
	...and what would you like to see happen with it?" is a useful question as an introduction.
	I had thought that the question "Where is it?" would not be appropriate for such people, but "How do you know?" was prepared for such cases as an introductory question.
	The goal is to notice blind spots, so how do I know what those blind spots are?"
	[Eliciting Metaphor through Clean Language: An Innovation in Qualitative Research]
		I see that a paper on the usefulness of clean language in qualitative research was published in a management journal.
	'You know a blind spot is a blind spot as soon as you can notice it. How you notice a blind spot is by reading texts written in a different system of knowledge than your own."
	The counseling style of using the client's words as they are is similar to [ELIZA], and it would be easy to implement with natural language processing.
	It is necessary to identify what type of metaphor the client is using (is it an abstract concept or a thing?), though.
	"Blind Spots," "Awareness," and "Knowledge Systems."
	Perhaps many people use physical metaphors, and the process of clarification is explained by asking where the metaphor is and what shape it is, but "Where is the knowledge system?" and "What shape is the knowledge system?" are not easy questions to answer. Well, it is like "the knowledge system is shaped like a tree".
	And how do you know about this body of knowledge?" Tough!
		Added 2021-11-26 [dig into the operation, not the abstract concept].
	It was my unspoken metaphor that there is such a thing as a knowledge system, but after drawing it out and observing it, I'm starting to wonder if the implicit assumption that there are different knowledge systems in others is correct, because other people's knowledge systems are unobservable!
	I cannot know another person's knowledge system. When I found discrepancies between the answers I derived from my own knowledge and those of others, I attributed the differences to differences in knowledge systems, but I had no deep evidence."
	The "derived answer" is an abstract concept, so you can connect it to "How do you know?" or you can have it transformed into a symbol with the generic question "What does it look like?" or even back and forth in time.
	I shook a random number and the rest came later in the time line. So, the answer I got from my knowledge, and after I got that answer, what happens next?"
	When you read a book, you implicitly anticipate what comes next based on your knowledge. And when something different from that expectation comes, a surprise arises. That means you've noticed a blind spot. That's what I thought, but now I realize that it's not always that way. Not all expectations are positive. Things come that we didn't expect to come. More often than not, those negative predictions may be overturned."
	What seems to be the reluctant expectation?"
	The lake is quiet. You're not aware of it, you're thinking there's nothing there, and then all of a sudden an alligator comes out and surprises you."
	This is a physical metaphor. Where is the surface of that lake?"
	'Hmmm, it feels like it's spread out in front of me, or maybe it's right there in my chest.'
	Is there anything else you can tell us about that lake?" I'm in a small boat. There is a building at the end of the lake. A crocodile comes out of it. Is the crocodile a threat? I don't really feel that way. Crocodiles are a surprise, but they don't threaten my life, rather they bring something of value.
	There are three physical metaphors: "building," "crocodile," and "ship," and I'm having a hard time deciding which one to delve into. Also, it's still a lot of brain work for me to both think of the questions and answer them myself. w
	The boat is a small boat, so it's probably imagined because you need it to get yourself across the water. Crocodiles are killed to make valuable crocodile skin. What I don't understand the most is the building. I wonder what this is.
	I wonder if there is such a thing as a metaphor overlaid on a metaphor.
	It's shaped like a church with a pointed roof, but no cross."
	Ah, "So, you're on your way to the church. What happens next when you reach the church?"?
	Hmmm. Time for dinner anyway.
 Yoriko Matsuda
		Oh! You got to the cleaners' big picture right away, didn't you? Your comments while reading are too sharp!
		By the way, Daso and I will be assisting their course in Melbourne at the end of March. If you want, I'll try to take the course during spring break, soon!
 Note: crocodile is a [resource symbol], church probably is too
	Where are the alligators located? Underwater, just below the surface.
	I'm getting bored so I'm not going to delve into this regarding the water surface.

	Let's do some modeling on the math.
	What do you want to see happen? I want new insights by hitting on the things that seem to be the most incompatible.
	By the way, math and speed reading are also the worst match.
	Speed reading is like a pipe that is thick and sucks water at great speed. Math is a very thin pipe.
	Poor flow, clogged easily
	The water isn't smooth either.
	If the pipes get clogged, they have to be pulled out and shredded before they can be flushed.
	So what does symbolic modeling look like?
	Symbolic modeling is not a pipe. It's more like a stack of images.
	Math also builds up.
	What type of stacking?
	Yoriko Matsuda
		I'm reading it on-time now and am very excited and thrilled.
	Math should only be put on things that fit tightly together. Symbolic modeling is much softer.
	What type of softness? Exact match not required.
	Bamboo like...
	If the shape is approximately correct, it can be fitted. If the fit is unreasonable, the part will bend and have force, and in some cases, it may break or pop.
	The math is bricks, and they are not at all soft. If you try to force it in where it won't go, the brick side will break and turn to powder.
	Building a scaffold with bamboo and then building a tower with bricks.
	Where are the bricks? On the ground, in the wall of the tower. Where is the bamboo? Around and above the tower.
	The bamboo scaffolding will be torn down when the tower is built.
	The [bamboo scaffolding] is vulnerable to wind and rain. The only thing that remains over the years is the brick tower.
	Where do the bricks come from?
	There are people who only make bricks. Bring it from there.
	Where does the bamboo come from?
	I'm going to go cut what's growing.
	What kind of bamboo scaffolding? Like a folk's house floating and living on a lake. I have an idea of what it looks like, but I don't have the words to describe it. I'll google it later.
	What kind of bricks? Like the ones Egyptian buildings were made of. Sun-dried bricks. The invention of sun-dried bricks enabled the Egyptian civilization to build stable dwellings inexpensively.
	Sun-dried bricks cannot be used in Japan. The climate is different. Sun-dried bricks are not stable unless the climate is dry.
	Anything else about bamboo scaffolding?
	There are skipjacks. It is a different profession from the bricklayer.
	Where are the skipjacks? High places.
	Where do the skipjacks come from?
	Hmmm.
	I'll get the bamboo that grows, so where does it grow?
	At least it doesn't grow in the desert.
	Bamboo will not grow without rain. Sun-dried bricks are ruined when it rains. Not a good match.
	Where does the rain come from? From the sky.
	Sphinx eroded by rain
	Acid rain!
	Smoke emissions from the factory, which mixes with the rain and turns into acid rain, dissolving the sphinx.
	So, the math is thin pipes, which clog up easily, and what does the pipes have to do with sun-dried bricks?
	It doesn't seem...
	Both are slow.
	Slow, is what kind of slow?
	Stressful slowness
	Stressful slowness, where did it come from?
	Because the pipes are too thin and clogged or the bricks don't ride well.
	Stressful slowness, where is it?
	I think the slowness is innate, but the stress is in the mind. This should be separated.
	Slowness, how do we know?
	Indeed...
	I don't know that I'm slow unless I compare myself to something, but what I'm comparing myself to is an ideal I've created on my own, so of course I'm slow by comparison.
	Slowness is not an innate trait.
	Bamboo scaffolds and sun-dried bricks are built at different rates of height, but they are different things, so it's not right to compare them.
	The bigger the pipe, the faster.
	In other words, the more liquid it is, the bigger the pipe.
	Then where did the thin pipe come from?
	No, really, shouldn't it be put through a bigger pipe?
	Thin pipes get clogged with debris, thick pipes don't, but thick pipes let debris through too.
	Then why not put on something like a tea strainer? If it clogs up, throw it away.
	Where did the garbage come from?
	Floating all over the water.
	What kind of trash is that? This, algae.
	When the water is stagnant and the sun hits it, algae grows.
	We get a lot of sun and not much rain, so algae grows.
	So, sun-dried bricks are...
	Dry the sludge...
	Fertile land...
	I'm getting confused lol.
	I'm starting to think we could collect the trash in the water and dry it out to make sun-dried bricks.
	The pipes are thick, there are colanders, garbage collects there, collects and dries to make sun-dried bricks, makes scaffolding out of bamboo brought from the rainy country, and builds a tower.
	What do you want it to be?
	What matters in the end is the tower.
	The kind that will keep its shape for hundreds of years and become a tourist attraction.
	Acid rain is the enemy.
	Where does the acid rain come from, from the factories, where are the factories located, in the west
	We shouldn't have westerly winds, but we can't stop them.
	We need to put emission controls on them, or else coat the towers so they can't unravel.
	Plastic coating on sun-dried bricks.
	Where does the plastic come from?
	That's from the factory!
	What a match pump!
	I'll have to do something about it with natural gomu or something...
	Natural rubber scratches the rubber tree and takes a little at a time.
	Even slower than sun-dried bricks.
	But if you force them to take it, the tree will die.
	We need to increase the trees themselves.
	A large plantation of rubber trees in the tropics.
	Should we quickly invent concrete instead of transporting rubber and bamboo? But concrete won't last 100 years?
 Concrete hurts too quickly without salt-free sand... I still prefer stone.
 It's dinner, so it's over.
 pictured
 [https://gyazo.com/1846a302df0f064609e0214e0d6257bd]
	Reverse mapping from the space of the metaphor to the original space
 Math "algae" "clogs". If you read quickly, it doesn't get clogged, but the algae goes through, so a colander is set up. The "algae" that "accumulates" in the "colander" is "dried" and "sun-dried bricks" are made.
 Q: What are "algae," "monkey," and "clogging" metaphors for?
 Symbolic modeling involves gathering "bamboo" (metaphor) that grows naturally in "the land where it rains" to create "scaffolding." There is a "Tobiko". Bricks are piled up on the scaffolding to make a tower. The tower is mathematics and a tourist resource. Brick laying is slow. Scaffolding" is fast. It is the tower that lasts 100 years, not the scaffolding.
 Towers" (mathematics) are vulnerable to "rain". It is especially vulnerable to "acid rain. Acid rain" is caused by "factories," and there are three countermeasures: "stop westerly winds," "control exhaust gas," and "coat the towers. Only the last is realistic. However, I can think of using "plastic" for "coating", but this is made in a "factory", so it is a match pump, and "natural rubber" must be used. This is even slower than "brick laying".
 There is a proposal to use "concrete" instead of "brick," but without good "aggregate (sand)" it will not last long. Stone" is the best.
 The "tower" is vulnerable to "rain," so the area where the "tower" is located is separate from the area where the "bamboo" or "rubber tree" grows.
 You don't have much of a reverse mapping.
 You can't grow metaphorical "bamboo" in a "land" of values and an atmosphere that values rigor like mathematics.
 What is the "factory" that both reinforces and destroys mathematics?
 The "sun" of rigor acts on the "water" and the "algae" of what we don't know grows. If the reading is precise, it gets clogged up quickly. If you do a rough reading, you won't get stuck, but what you don't understand will be left unexplained. If you collect them in a "colander" and again dry them in the "sun" of rigor, "bricks" are formed.
 Tobijin" can reach great heights using "bamboo scaffolds. But that is a specialized skill, and only "jumpers" can reach the same height. Many others have to wait for the completion of the "tower" and climb the "stairs" step by step to reach the same height.
 The "rain" that nurtures metaphors becomes "acid rain" when combined with "factories" and dissolves "towers. The "factory" can also protect the "tower," but drastically it is necessary to use "natural rubber" obtained from the "rubber tree" instead of the "factory." This is very slow. And this also needs a lot of "rain".
 Let's see, among these, the "resource symbols" that I value are, first of all, the "tower," the "bamboo scaffolding" to build the "tower" and "natural rubber" to protect it, the "sun" to make the "sun-dried bricks" that are the material for the "tower," and "rain" to nurture the "bamboo" and "rubber trees. On the contrary, "factory" is the villain.
 Is it safe to assume that the dilemma bind was resolved by the change in metaphor, that the problem of small pipes being prone to clogging and large pipes being mixed with debris was solved by installing a colander?
 It's fine to the point where various relationships have been established between the metaphors, but I'm not sure how to find a pattern from this. It looks like a jumbled mess and no easily recognizable pattern of form. Is this a lack of detail in this landscape, or should I create another landscape and look for similarities between it and this one, or what?
 I wonder if it is already stage 4, just because it is unfolding too fast for me to keep up.
 Is it safe to assume that the problem of rain dissolving the towers is solved by the addition of the "plastic coating" metaphor, resulting in another problem of worsening acid rain, which is solved by abandoning that solution and introducing the natural rubber metaphor... and so on, to resolve the bind? Is it?
 I can't connect the rubber tree plantation to any realistic action because I can't reverse map what it corresponds to in the real world...
 Plantations are like a lot of people. Bamboo is made in a quick, sketchy way, but natural rubber is secreted slowly over time by a large number of people. With mathematical logic at its core, rubber is applied to the surface to obtain resistance to acid rain, sort of.
 Should we be in the mood to say, "Well, we've made a step forward, so that's good." instead of worrying about the fact that we haven't reached an immediate solution?
 The factory is a metaphor for science or industrial application, and the tower's tourism income was used to build a factory, and it worked, so more and more factories were built, but the tower is being damaged by soot and acid rain as a result.
 The tower includes philosophy as well as mathematics, at least Descartes' [Introduction to Method].
 Descartes' introduction to method, which considered what is correct knowledge, became the foundation of modern science, but as a result of the great commercial success of science, intellectual activities that are not based on scientific methodology have become neglected, and techniques for building scaffolds out of bamboo have been lost and towers of philosophy have melted in acid rain.
 I was attracted to this field of study because of the usefulness of bamboo scaffolding construction, but bamboo scaffolding cannot protect a tower. What is natural rubber?
 What is natural rubber...
 ...is not the right direction to think about, should I ask another clean question here? What is natural rubber and what is it like?
 Where did natural rubber come from? From wounds.
 Were natural rubber plantations and the people who were hurt?
 Natural rubber is hardened from the sap oozing from injured people.
 A land of dry and rigorous sun with towering towers of mathematics and philosophy, and a land of rainfall with metaphoric bamboos growing on it, a land with lots of rain but also sun, people of many injured rubber trees growing there, and natural rubber made by collecting the sap secreted little by little from them.
 Is this about the track record of treating psychological trauma, or the justification for psychotherapy using metaphors based on it?
 Metaphor-based methods are not reproducible, and therefore not valued by scientific values. He wrote, "Bamboo scaffolds are vulnerable to wind and rain." That is why we must take our time and gather evidence that the method is actually useful. Even if we show how quickly bamboo scaffolds can be assembled, only those who have mastered the skills of a skier can climb to that height, and it is pointless to compare speed and slowness because it is not possible to build a tower. Persuasion in that direction should not be done because it is vulnerable to wind and rain.
 Popper's concept of disprovability is only about 100 years old.
 [Quine's Thesis, http://ja.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/デュエム-クワイン, Thesis]
 [Munchausen's Trilemma http://ja.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ミュンヒハウゼンのトリレンマ]
 Change from foundationalism to consistency theory
 http://ja.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/基礎付け主義
 I guess I myself am a pragmatist with a consistency theory. If it is a consistent knowledge system, it is possible even without a foundation, and whether it is useful or not determines the value of the knowledge system. Therefore, the method of mapping a concept to a metaphor space by analogy and developing it there is also possible, although there is no foundation to guarantee that the conclusion is correct.
 Rain is associative power. In the hypothesis making stage before starting verification, it is better to use associative power and develop metaphors freely. And yet, emissions from factories and the value of "it has to be scientifically sound" have led to acid rain. The metaphoric bamboo has withered, and even the tower of philosophy that gave birth to science has been eroded for being unscientific.
 The idea of factories "in the west", the industrial revolution of European origin? The Austrian Popper? Or do you mean the East and the West?
 It would be good to draw out metaphors with clean questions in the writing part of the KJ method before the KJ method. Now let's model the method you are using and the program you want to create.

 This morning we will be modeling the KJ method.
 A method of trying to discover unknown structures by writing down ideas on sticky notes and combining them in a bottom-up manner.
 The second half is similar to symbolic modeling. The difference is that this method was originally created for theory building from interviews in cultural anthropology, i.e., the source of information is outside of oneself. Symbolic modeling focuses on using clean questions to pull out tacit knowledge inside that has not yet been verbalized. Here's the difference
 The KJ method "puts things that seem to be somewhat related close together," i.e., the relationship is not verbalized from the beginning.
 The metaphor of the physical location of the sticky note makes the unverbalized output
 It is difficult to teach and get people to understand that bottom-up placement is the way to go.
 Even if you tell them that there is nothing to be gained by top-down classification and that the goal is to discover new and unknown structures, they will still classify in the way they are used to.
 What type of classification? Such as reproducing structures in the brain.
 Where does classification come from? From the brain.
 The guidance of "let's put things together that are similar" or "let's put things together that seem related" is causing a classification mindset.
 So, hold off on thinking about what to do.
 Based on the hypothesis that this guidance may not be good, I also tried a new guidance this time: "Let's focus on the contradiction.
 There is an oppositional structure, which is another kind of "relationship", but if you think of putting similar things together, you make it a separate group.
 What kind of relationship, if any? Any kind. We will consider later whether it is useful or not. Output is important first.
 What kind of oppositional structure is it? For example, if you are mapping your learning style in KJ, "I want to be able to speak English" and "I am not motivated to study" are oppositional structures.
 [Gap between ideal and reality].
 Yes, there were cases where only ideals and only reality summed it up.
 Ideals come from within, reality comes from without.
 The typical pattern is to aufheben from this oppositional structure
 What kind of Aufheben is Aufheben?
 New concepts to resolve conflicting structures
 Floundering of
 Where does floundering come from? In my head, but it could be said that the information in front of me draws it out by asking questions
 Humans want to answer questions when asked, and fill in blanks when there are blanks, and strategies that use that desire as a primal motivator to focus resources on deep thinking are effective
 What type of floundering is floundering?
 Like a missing piece being filled in.
 What type of resources? Time and Concentration
 Concentration is valuable. It is a resource that the human brain needs to do productive things, but it is not easy to create with money or material goods. Stationery, computers, and book costs are cheap compared to that.
 What type of concentration?
 Concentration on games is not beneficial. Games successfully bring out concentration, but it is wasted instead of being used for a useful purpose.
 What kind of beneficial?
 Have a positive effect on one's life.
 There are people in the world who have verbalized life goals and those who don't.
 Many role-playing games give you a life purpose in the form of a mission.
 The purpose of life is to defeat the Demon King and save the princess, and the mission is a short-term goal for that.
 After all, that's why we have to clarify our goals first.
 The purpose of the KJ method is to find patterns in symbolic modeling. The goal is to find unknown patterns in a vast amount of information. Symbolic modeling, on the other hand, aims for self-transformation after modeling. Therefore, there is a process of finding "resource symbols" that the client values from among many metaphors. On the other hand, the KJ method and qualitative research methods such as GTA emphasize "not including the analyst's preconceptions," so they do not try to identify what is important.