Experiential Processes and the Creation of Meaning
[https://gyazo.com/2ae4d35b92e9dac9164077a798f1db63]
	[Experiential Process] and [Creation of Meaning]
	[Amazon https://amzn.to/3r9edij]

explained at the workshop.
　[Study Session 1 on "Experiential Processes and the Creation of Meaning"]
　[Study Session 2 on "Experiential Processes and the Creation of Meaning"]
　[Study Session 3 on "Experiential Processes and the Creation of Meaning"]
　[Study Session 4 on "Experiential Processes and the Creation of Meaning"]

	preface
 	Things, Logic, and Experiential Processes
 	Description of the "process of experience
 	The demands of existentialism and logical positivism can be encompassed.
 	The preconceptual experiential process is a fundamental factor that has prompted many recent calls for new methodologies in the behavioral sciences.
 	Pre-conceptual characteristics of the experience process
 	Content concepts are not useful for organizing observational material.
 	Examples from the field of psychotherapy
	l The Problem of Experienced Meaning
		A Statement of Issue
 		>This paper... This paper deals with meaning as experienced... The terms "felt meaning" and "experienced meaning" are used.
		B Two or three problems that serve as an introduction to the problem of experienced meaning
  	1. methods in psychology
   2. problems in psychology
   　Psychotherapy Content
   　　[nishio.icon]Although what to focus on (past trauma or current problems, etc.) varies from faction to faction, I wonder if there is a common structure where experienced people are more successful than inexperienced people. The story is that
   　subthreshold stimulus
   　[Segmentation of experience]
   3. experience as a source of meaning 《Meaning begins with experience》 《Meaning begins with experience
   4. that intelligence is dependent on other
		C Issues not included in this assignment but related to it
   1Cognitive adequacy
   2. Causes of cognition
   3. Examples and discussion on separating current issues from these issues
	Chapter II: Examples of [felt meaning] at work in cognition
		introduction
		A. Examples of the emergence of felt meaning in all cases of human cognition
		　thinking
		　observation
		　activity
		　conversation
		　Art, Religion, Emotion, People
		B To show that the perceived meaning is not an experienced or related parallel aspect of cognition, but plays a necessary special function in cognition 97
   1 Problem Solving
    [nishio.icon]The process of thinking about a problem and coming up with a solution
   REMEMBERING or ARTICULATING
   　[nishio.icon]The process of trying to remember what you have forgotten
   　>Psychotherapy is an area where experience is constantly being segmented
   Psychotherapy
   　[nishio.icon]Clients' experiences are put into words by the clients themselves.
 Chapter III: How [felt meaning] works
  A: Parallel functional relations of felt meaning in cognition
   1.[DIRECT REFERENCE
   RECOGNITION
   EXPLICATION
  B: Creative functional relationships ("specific" and "non-parallel")
  	METAPHOR
  	2. understanding (COMPREHENSION)
  	Related (RELEVANCE)
	  CIRCUMLOCUTION
	 [nishio.icon][Eugene Gendlin's Metaphor Concept].
	Chapter IV: Properties of Experienced Meaning Working Under the New Symbolization
 	A: Experienced meaning is not dictated by logical relations, but neither is it arbitrarily acted upon.
		 1: Reversal of normal philosophical procedure
		 2: What determines the creation of meaning?
		 summary
	 B: Characteristics of experienced meaning as working within the new symbolization
		 introduction
		 1: Myriad features of experience
		 2: The "multi-scheme" nature of experience
		 3: Meaning is similar (LIKENESSES) and vice versa [meaning is similar and vice versa is true].
			4: Relationships or relations
			5: Diversity
		 6: Any concept is one among many.
		 7: Experienced meanings can (partially) scheme (creatively determine) new aspects of other experienced meanings.
		 8: Every experience can have aspects that are schemeed by some other experience.
		 9: Creative regression
 Chapter V. Principle of Universality:"[IOFI]"
 	introduction
	 1: Methodological questions can be matched to the meaning in the paper and the type of experiential process included in that role.
	 2: Identifying and "explaining" the process of experience as its own example.
	 3: Reflexivity: The process of experiencing as "IOFI" is a meaning
	 4: Potential applications of "IOFI
	 5: "IOFI" is the principle of functional relations
	 6: OPTIONAL DISTINCTION between "IOFI" and functional relations applied to relativity.
	 7: "IOFI", relativity and, moreover, illustrative issues applied against each other
	 8: REFLEXIVITY
	 9: The "IOFI" Principle and Traditional Philosophy
 Chapter VI Applications in Philosophy 2JJ
 	A: The principle of philosophical method implied by relativity 23I.
   1. the myriad meanings that can arise "6
   DETERMINACY 2J6
   3. OPTЮNAL FORMULATION "7
   4. open scheme (oPEN SCHEMES) "7
   5. scheem (scHEMES) rating "9
   6. Relativity of all terms (including the most basic terms that may be relative but whose fundamental nature is not compromised) 2ω
   7. Functional equivalence 2 Ku
   8. Logical form 245
	 B: Conclusions on some philosophical issues 27
	Chapter VII: Psychological Theory and its Application to Research 255
		A: Terms to be matched to the experience process 10,0006
	 Introduction 256
	  1. Task: To be able to scientifically match the experience process 257
	  2. observation of the function of the experience process 2"
	  3. how can "experience process" be known or defined (some definitions of the term)?
		B: Current Controversies in Psychotherapy Theories 2 swords
		 Degree and type of conceptualization in treatment 2.
			2. experience and "match" 279
			3. other types of symbolization roles 289
		C: Relationship between the proposed method and logical positivism and operationalism in psychology 295
			1. before the first positivist step in the research 2%.
			2. at the stage after the operative conclusion 2磐
			3. New Forms and Principles of Inquiry 299
	Appendix to Chapter I
	[Hussar].
		1. Phenomenological method θ
		Meaning experience can be identified and has its own dynamics in cognitionθ ".
		3. experience of meaning is distinguished from image or perception θ "
		4,Meaning is experienced as separate from symbolic thought "J"
	[Sartre]
	[Merlo Ponti]
	[I.A. Richards]