Divination and Probability Resonance
I've always thought random divination could be beneficial if certain conditions were met.
　What are its conditions?
　That my will is stronger than my fortune-telling.
　　If the fortune teller tells you to do it, but you don't want to do it, you don't do it.
　　If fortune tells you not to do something, you do it if you want to do it.

I noticed today that this is "[probability resonance]"
	>Stochastic Resonance is a phenomenon in which the addition of noise to a signal strengthens the signal and improves its response under a certain probability. It is also sometimes translated as "stochastic resonance.
 > When irregular noise is added to a signal below the threshold (the limit of intensity that can be detected), stochastic resonance allows it to be detected beyond the threshold.
		[https://ja.wikipedia.org/wiki/確率共鳴 Stochastic resonance - Wikipedia]
	Human "act/not act" has a threshold function nature, and when "want to do" and "hassle" are in competition with each other and the value is a little lower than the threshold, "not act" is chosen.
	　If the threshold is 100, even if the degree to which you want to act is 98, you choose not to act.
	　Adding random noise here will sometimes cause the threshold to be crossed, and the behavior

relevance
　[Annealing method]
　　Add "heat = random shaking" to prevent staying in [local minima].
　>Simulated Annealing is a general-purpose random choice algorithm for global optimization problems. It gives a good approximation to the globally optimal solution of a given function in a large search space.
　> Annealing in metallurgy: the process of heating a metallic material and then gradually cooling it to grow crystals and reduce their defects... Heat causes atoms to leave their initial position (a local miniscule state of internal energy) and wander around to more energetic states. By cooling slowly, atoms are more likely to acquire states with even more miniscule internal energy than their initial state.
　> In iterating over the solution, the SA algorithm seeks a solution in a random neighborhood of the current solution, which is affected by the value of the given function and the global parameter T (meaning temperature). And due to the aforementioned similarity with the physical process, the value of T (temperature) gradually decreases. Thus, the solution changes boldly at first because T is large, but converges as T approaches zero.
　[Involvement power]
　　If you're on the same page (on the same wavelength), there's a better chance of swaying them than random, but even random might be beneficial.
	The term "since before" is precisely when "animal fortune-telling" became popular, so it would be 1999-2000.
		[https://ja.wikipedia.org/wiki/動物占い Animal divination - Wikipedia]
  This is a divination that classifies people into personality groups based on their date of birth
  I didn't believe it because there was no reason to believe that "the date of birth determines one's personality."
  [Barnum Effect] I thought that no matter what was chosen, I would think that I was "right," so I experimented with taking it as my personality description for everything.
  	Wrote: [Anti-Burnham Experiment].
  As a result, there was generally a sense that whichever one was chosen was me, but there was a clear "maybe this doesn't apply to me" feeling
  　Looking back now, this was "[collated and uncomfortable]."
  As a result, it was helpful to clarify the boundaries of the "self image".
 Related [Effects of Divination].
