Too many notifications are annoying.
The conversation that led to the verbalization that there are [two types of notifications, "you can look at it" and "you should look at it"], and that making the appropriate distinction between the two is necessary for both "[not being busy with notifications]" and "active [information sharing]".

[2019-11-28 Facebook https://www.facebook.com/nishiohirokazu/posts/10219941150895674]
	The other day I was asked, "At Cybozu, there aren't people who say they are annoyed by too many notifications, are there?" I was interested in where this perception gap came from.
	In reality, both "Everyone is notified by [Everyone Mention]" and "In response to this, there is immediate criticism that too many notifications are being sent out.
	In response to the interpretation that "people at Cybozu don't think 'lots of notifications are annoying'", I don't think that's the reality, but more like "we have an environment where new employees can quickly learn to recognize that 'lots of notifications are annoying'".
	Tomoya Tachikawa
		I assumed that "I've been magically altering my settings so that I don't receive annoying notifications."
		In other words, I thought that each of us was responding to the "many notifications" so as not to be "annoyed" by them.
 Yukio Ohtsuki
		Or, more precisely, I get a lot of notifications, but they are one-offs, like a Twitter timeline, and I don't think I'm going to read them all.
 On the other hand, there are some people in the world who think "don't write because notifications are annoying," and if they insist on it, a groupware where no one writes will be completed, but within Cybozu, there is a stronger culture that "writing is a good thing," so it seems that the state of writing is maintained
		>It's a once in a lifetime thing, like a Twitter timeline, and I'm not trying to read all of it.
			The basic premise of this system is that it is possible to control the way notifications are sent out, depending on whether the poster thinks the subject of the notification "should read" or "does not need to read". The former type of "should read" notification corresponds to a mentions with an "at" mark on Twitter.
	There are two types of notifications on Twitter.
		[https://gyazo.com/96cf35c0e10994101d39324958724ba9]
		There may be many ways to describe it, such as "notification to read," "@Tweet," "Mention," or "notification by name," but there are those kinds of notifications out there, but some systems don't have that distinction, such as email.
		It's not a good email system to have a notification that is difficult to distinguish between a "I'll share this information because it might be useful" email CC and a "read and respond as soon as possible" email.
			(Added 2021-11-28) [two types of notices: "may see" and "want to see"].
		>"Everyone is notified by Everyone Mention," and "then you immediately get a bunch of crap about notifications being sent out too quickly."
			This means, in essence, that "feedback will be given to those who have generated a "notice to read" when it is not really something that should be read, and that it is not an appropriate use of a notice.
 	Tomoya Tachikawa
 		This is not to say that "too many notifications are annoying," but rather that "feedback will be given to those who generate 'should-read-notifications' when they really shouldn't read them," which is not an appropriate way to use notifications, right?

	Tomoya Tachikawa
		So, are there "people who say there are too many notifications at Cybozu and it's annoying"? LOL!
		I'm sure there aren't people at Cybozu who say they are annoyed by too many notifications?" →I'm not sure what you mean by "there is a cognitive gap", but does that mean that there are no such people? I'm not sure anymore.
	Nishio Hirokazu
		I'm kind of in a state where I'm not sure how to cut the question, and I wonder what is causing the discrepancy.
		[Double Barrel] Signs of questions
			[https://ja.wikipedia.org/wiki/ダブルバーレル質問 Double-barrel question - Wikipedia]
		True.
		True.
		True. "There are people at Cybozu who, when they get annoyed by too many notifications, post them on the groupware."
			That's a good thing, of course.
		More notifications are a bad thing" → False
		I wonder if it is...
		There's a sense that something's not quite right, that the gears aren't quite in synch, that it's not turning right.
  As I already wrote above, the basic premise is that there are two types of "notifications" in the first place, and I don't think that premise was shared.
	  The fact that there are so many "no-need-to-read notices" is a good thing, because it is evidence that information is being actively shared.
	  Notifying people that they "should" read something they don't have to read is a bad thing.
			The two types of notices are different in nature, but I wonder if the problem lies in the fact that they are combined into one question.
				(Added 2021-11-28) [Two types of notices, "may see" and "want to see"] are different in nature.

	Tomoya Tachikawa
		Ah, I understand. We were using the difficult term "[cognitive gap]" without defining it well. At best, we thought it was like being told, "That's just an assumption," but apparently not!
		The question is probably "I don't know where to begin, but what kind of situation are you imagining in the first place?" I don't know where to start, but what kind of situation are you imagining? It was a difficult topic to go on without starting from the front, like "I don't know where to begin.
	Nishio Hirokazu
		First of all, the sentence "X is too Y and BAD" is rendered meaningless when you use "too".
		Plus there's the "X is Y" and "X is Y is BAD" superposition.
	Tomoya Tachikawa
		In other words, he said, when answering a question, one needs to clarify the intent and meaning of the question.
	(Added 2021-11-28)
		>At Cybozu, you don't have people who get annoyed by too many notifications, do you?
			There are no A's in Cybozu.
			= There is no one named D in Cybozu because B is C → False
			B is not C in Cybozu → False
			B is C is D → True
			B is C is Bad → False
　　　　These two are the true nature of the [cognitive gap
　　　　　Mr. Tachikawa implicitly assumed that "Bad is a lot of notifications".
　　　　　So I expressed "too many and annoying".
　　　　　Nishio-Otsuki thought "Good" to have many notifications.
　　　　　What inevitably happens in an organization with a lot of information sharing and less notice is more Bad
　　　　　At the root of this discrepancy in perception was a system that distinguished between "notices you don't have to see" in the first place.
	Satoshi Kawamoto
		Colleagues around me are no longer enlightened when notifications reach +99 and are no longer interested in seeing everything.
		Nishio Hirokazu
			There is a phenomenon that people are trapped in the idea that they have to read all the notices, and as a result, they are exhausted.
			I noticed that people with the mental model that "notifications have no expiration date and remain indefinitely until a human takes action" and people with the mental model that "notifications disappear when left unattended" feel differently about "having more than 100 notifications" in the first place.
			Notification disappears in two weeks unless you explicitly take action to leave it.
				[https://faq.cybozu.info/alphascope/cybozu/web/kintone/Detail.aspx?id=82&isCrawler=1& FAQ | How many days will the notification appear?]
    (Added 2021-11-28) I just looked and it's 70 days.
			In addition to this, people with an email mentality live in a world where "notifications and content are the same thing," so they may feel that notifications disappearing on their own is the same as emails disappearing on their own. that they have not read.