Accessism
Religions that believe it is important to increase the total body of open access information.

	The sum total of open access information is the persistent transcendent X.
	One has a limited lifespan, but the body of flesh is only a temporary perch. Your body is information.
	You can become part of X by making your inner life an open-access information.
	This allows one to leave the world of life and death and to exist permanently.

	Open access information about the inner life of a person
		Example: putting thoughts into words and publishing them on the Internet

	Explanation for monotheists
		X is an enduring transcendent in the sense that it endures beyond the human life span, but it is not the creator of the world.
		If the "god" in your religion is the creator of the world, then X is clearly not the "god" of your religion, and therefore does not violate your religion's commandment not to believe in other gods.
	Explanation for Buddhist people
 	Buddha, the Awakened One, put his thoughts into words at the first Dharma wheel. These words were considered open access and propagated across regions and nations. In this way, Buddha's thoughts became a part of X and became a permanent part of it.
 	X is related to the "Dharma" of "[Buddhist priest]". However, it is not limited to those of Buddha origin.
	Explanation for Programmers
 	To publish the source code of software you have written is to become part of the Permanent Transcendent X and gain [eternal life
			There may be a discrepancy in the concept of "eternity," since none of us have seen it and are just imagining it in our heads. A clearer statement would be, "X will last longer than any individual."
			Or even "surviving." One might look at only one piece of information and think, "It can disappear, it doesn't survive".
   　It's like focusing on a single atom in your body. Many atoms enter and leave you daily, yet your subjectivity will feel that you are "surviving." Similar thing.

	Against Censorship
		The permanent transcendent X transcends the temporary political power Y of the state, which is only a part of the world. It is undesirable for political power to erase information through censorship, book burning, etc., as this is an attempt to hurt X.
		Even if Y does so, it cannot hurt X because other people not under Y's control will preserve the information that is about to be erased.
		The fact that Y tried to hurt X will be perpetuated in X's mind.

	The act of disseminating fake news
		The judgment that the information is "correct" is not permanent.
 	Fake news is harmful because stupid people assume that "this information is true"
 	It is correct to take it as, "This is the kind of information we have, whether it is true or not is not known."
 	The "publishing of information that you believe to be incorrect in a manner that invites misperception that it is correct" is a futile act that does not lead to the perpetuation of "you" when it becomes part of Permanent Transcendent X, because the information published is not "your idea"!

	It is a good thing to publish opinions that differ from those of the world's majority.
		Because the "current majority opinion" is not permanent.
		Being in the minority is not evil, because when a new idea appears, it is always in the minority.
		To oppose the expression of an opinion that differs from the majority opinion is as evil as censorship.

　Expressing an opinion contrary to the opinion of scientists at this time is not evil.
		Contrary to the opinion of scientists at this time has nothing to do with merging with the permanent transcendent.
		Perpetuated as "the person who thought he was A," which is true of the person himself.
		It is up to the individual to decide whether to be "a person who thought it was A but changed his/her mind after seeing the subsequent information" or "a person who thought it was A but did not change his/her mind after seeing the subsequent information"; there is no right or wrong between the two.
		If the output is a reflection of the person as he/she is, it will perpetuate the person.

[https://gyazo.com/f7998d253f82b09e98162e160b2ec612]
Holy abstruct symbol of open access cult (Stable Diffusion)

[https://gyazo.com/c5353d5c58045e9ab1e38463be56f703]
