empirically self-evident
There are types of things that are [obvious] to those who have [experienced] them, but not to those who haven't.

	There are values that make it a good idea to convince people who haven't experienced it with words.
	However,
		If there is agreement among those who have experienced it that it is self-evident,
		To insist that people who have not experienced it should be convinced by words.
		You're arguing, "I don't pay [the cost of the experience], but the experiencer should pay [the cost of the verbalization] for me."
	To think it is reasonable implicitly assumes that "the cost of verbalization is much cheaper than the cost of experience."
		This assumption is not necessarily correct.
	Values based on this false assumption give birth to a bias that "what is easy to verbalize is privileged."

relevance
 [introducing axioms founded by experience].
 	[Grounding through experience].
 	Introduce [axioms] that are [grounded] by experience

For example, we experience gravity from the time we are born, so we do not question that "things are pulled down by an invisible force and move by themselves." However, people born and raised in zero-gravity space may ask, "Objects move by an invisible force without even touching them? Why?" How would they respond if we asked them the question, "Why?


orthographical variants
　[It is clear from experience.]

[GPT.icon]
	The expression "experientially self-evident" has two meanings: "self-evident" and "experiential. Self-evident" means self-evident or obvious, and "experiential" means based on experience.
 The meaning of "experientially self-evident" is an expression that is self-evident through experience. However, if such an experience cannot be shared, it may not be self-evident to others and may require explanation.
 On the other hand, when others may seek explanations for the "experientially self-evident", they may not be paying the "cost of experience". That is, the effort, time, energy, stress, etc., that the experiencer has put into verbalizing his or her experience. In other words, the experiencer is paying a lot of cost to share his or her experience, whereas others are not paying that cost, so such a value is not fair.
 Also, "introducing axioms founded on experience" means to build knowledge and theories on the foundation of axioms based on experience. In the example of gravity, since we are exposed to gravity from birth, the concept of gravity is self-evident and can be introduced as an axiom.
 However, for those born and raised in a zero-gravity environment, the concept of gravity may not be obvious and they may question its existence. In such cases, it will be necessary to explain the concept of gravity and promote understanding.
