Reblog
[/hub/What is reblog?]
Young people don't know about Reblog?
 14 years ago...

It's a subjective memory, so I could be wrong.
　Tumblr is here!
　There were regular blogs back then.
　　100% of the time, you have to write it yourself.
　　Sometimes he would quote and mention other people's blogs.
　　　digression
　　　　In this case, not only the other blog is notified, but also a link to your blog is automatically added to the other blog, creating an interlinked network of discourse across multiple blogging services.
　　　　　Well, it collapsed because of people starting fights and spam blogs promoting it all over the place.
　　Tumblr provided bookmarks that cite a selection of others' sites to create new articles
　　　Using this, I could "select and one click" from any site and post an "article with selected quotes and links" to Tumblr!
　　　People who quote long sentences and make one comment, or don't even make a comment in the first place, have appeared.
　　　　As an aside, there were people who clipped all the images they liked from pornographic sites and made a kind of collection of their favorites.
　　The management saw this trend and added an official Reblog function.
　　　and it's written like a timeline, but it could have been there from the beginning.
　　　Reblog button on other people's Tumblr posts, and add a copy to your own list of posts with one click.
　　　　You can add comments, but some people post without comments.
　　　　There was a case where we exchanged comments, but it was in a very nested quote notation, so I guess it wasn't the expected use case, and it was hard to use.

　Later, the action of Retweeting a Tweet on Twitter was born.
　　At first, that feature wasn't on Twitter, so I had to copy it myself.

[Intellectual production techniques of engineers] p.138 [(4.5.3.1) Make leveraged memos].
>This is how I created a web service for reviewing leverage memos. I designed the service so that if you register information about a book when you start reading it, when you make a leverage memo while you are reading it, a link to the bibliographic information will be inserted with a single touch. However, the design of the rereading mechanism failed, and the pain of rereading made me stop using the service.  In this service, we decided that the best thing to do was to remove unnecessary information from the notes and make them shorter. The next best thing was to add the missing information. We decided that the mere act of duplication was not a good thing (Note 37). (Note 37) We thought that this design would improve the quality of the information as it became more and more concentrated with repeated readings.
	>Note 37: At the time, the microblogging service Tumblr was all the rage, and it had a feature that allowed users to select content from other websites and, with a single click, create a quick excerpt to post on their blog. This seemed like a good way to make leveraged notes, but the service offered reblogging, the ability to copy entire posts from others, which I thought was a bad idea at the time. Later, with the advent of similar functions such as Twitter retweeting and Facebook sharing, I finally understood that this function was not for knowledge creation but for information dissemination.

relevance
	[The trend toward simplified information dissemination and passive information dissemination].
		Stories with emphasis on Retweet and beyond
