Cybozu Micra Server Considerations
from [thought node 2021-12-21].
Cybozu Micra Server Considerations
Mycla Server at [CybozuHackathon2021].
 It should be done for external use first.
 	It makes no sense to do an "in-house" office recreation microcosm for in-house use.
 		Should be done "for the outside world."
 	There are people outside the company who are highly interested in Cybozu's new initiatives
 		From their point of view, "Cybozu is experimentally recreating their office in Mycra, and you can go take a look" is a resource.
 	The denominator is orders of magnitude larger, making it easier to gain volume of participants.
 	Measure the amount of participants from outside the company to visualize the social interest this initiative is attracting.
 	Doing so will finally increase participation from within the company.
 This article makes me feel like it's not the office reproduction that's important.
　 https://www.wantedly.com/companies/company_420774/post_articles/335468
　 Like "[dead text]" in the Scrapbox philosophy, this is now a "[dead world]"
 　It is important for participants to be able to add their own touches.
　　 [their place].
　 It is important to explicitly create a place where visitors can add their own ideas, similar to the value of having a "people" section where people can write about anything they want without being bound by a theme.
　 　For example, you could put up a sign and have a zone for people to leave comments.
　 　Would you leave a chest full of signs at the entrance and say, "Take one stack for now" or "Leave one in the Nice to meet you zone and leave a comment"?
	We don't work in a microcosm.
		We are not having a meeting in a microcosm.
	　[computer graphics, media art, tea culture, and Zen. #61bf6626aff09e0000587280]
	  Zoom has eliminated the waste of travel time and other problems associated with meetings in the physical world.
 	 The optimization itself was done for the purpose of the meeting, not to increase waste that does not contribute to the purpose (Zoom is more convenient, and will not be used).
	  On the other hand, there is some kind of added value that was accidentally created by the waste of the physical world, and that has been lost, so another mechanism is needed to obtain it.
 	 The appropriate tool for this should not be Zoom, which was created for the purpose of meetings.
 		 It needs to be a tool that can pick up something that is being missed by Zoom.
 	 I don't know what the right answer is, but I consider Micra to be on a pretty good track.
 		 The metaphor of a "space that can be co-edited" might be beneficial.
		  So I'm not too thrilled with "virtual offices where you just enter a space that was created by a designer in advance," because you can't edit it.
			In this sense, asynchronous or less direct communication is more useful than synchronous voice calls.
 			[Death Stranding]
				If you happen to be in the same place synchronously and want to communicate, which is lacking in in-game chat, you can use Discord, but that is a side effect, the main thing is asynchronous communication
	As a metaphor for "collaborative editing space," oVice worked reasonably well.
	 The UI is not too intuitive and I had a hard time with it, but if it is improved in the future, it could serve as a complement to Zoom.
 	Perhaps the missing feature is support for asynchronous communication, such as a guestbook-like object that allows users to leave comments.