Learning from learning and learning at the same time, is not an easy thing to do
According to the child,
　[I have learned this lesson from my studies, and I will continue to teach it,]
　[I am not at all happy when my friends come from afar,]
　[I don't know, I don't care, I'm still a prince.]

The beginning of the Analects (學而第一)
　The first two are well-known, but seem to be perceived as disjointed, not as one continuous thing.
　The very first of the Analects, "According to the Son"
　I thought of course there must be a connection since it is written in one lump instead of "according to the child" in pieces, but I could not find any relationship in [nishio.icon].
　Read "[Commentary on the Analects]" by [Zhu Xi].
 　When you learn something and review it over and over again, what you've learned becomes your own. That's where the joy comes in.
　 Fun to have friends from far away.
　 　Mr. Cheng: "If you do good to others, there will be many who will believe and follow you, and you will therefore enjoy it."
　 [This is the prince.
　　 Yun: "Learning is in you, knowing or not knowing is in others, how can you be angry?"
　　 Mr. Cheng: "Even though you enjoy influencing others, you are a sovereign only if you do not agonize over not being recognized by others."
　 　Zhu Xi: "It is easy to influence people and have fun because it happens naturally, but it is difficult not to agonize when people don't approve of you, which is why only those whose virtue is complete can do this."
　 　Cheng: "Only after there is the joy of repeated learning is there the enjoyment of influencing others, and without that enjoyment it is insufficient to speak of a sovereign."
　[nishio.icon]I felt convinced. To put it in my expression:.
　　If you read a text that you cannot understand just by reading it once, you will make connections between your stored memories and say, "I see. I see.
　　 This moment is joyful.
　　The reason why person Y comes all the way from afar to visit person X is that person X produces wisdom that is not found in books.
　　 The reason why Y is visiting from afar is because he has already learned what he can obtain from books at low cost and is looking for more.
　　 It is fun to talk with these people Y.
　　But if people don't show up, they don't complain, and that's what a sovereign is.

orthographical variants
　["When you learn, you learn this.]
　["I have a friend who comes from afar.]
　[without knowing or being offended by others]
