(2.3.2.2) Pomodoro technique
By applying the idea of timeboxing to personal task management, the [Pomodoro technique] was born.
It was developed by [Francesco Cirillo] in the late 1980s. [Staffan Nöteberg] introduces it in his book "[Pomodoro Technique Illustrated]: The Easy Way to Do More in Less Time" in 2010.

I mention the length of time "25 minutes" several times in this book. It is decided by referring to the Pomodoro technique. "Agile time management" calls 25 minutes "1 Pomodoro." (*20)

Pomodoro techniques are roughly as the following:

 Create a task list for today.
 Estimate the size of the task by the number of Pomodoros.
 Start timer of 1 Pomodoro (25 minutes) at the start of each task
 Focus on one task without changing tasks during a Pomodoro.
 If an interrupt by you or another person occurs, record it.
 If you can keep the concentrated state while one Pomodoro, stand up and walk at least a few steps and switch the viewpoints (*21)

We often regard "time" as continuous. Cut it to a certain length and name it "Pomodoro." Then, we can estimate the size of the task with the number of pomodoros.

---

Footnotes:

 *20
		Some people misunderstood that there is something profound meaning for the length of 25 minutes, but the length has no meaning. If you can not concentrate on 25 minutes, I recommend to shorten it to 5 minutes or 10 minutes.

 *21
		Some people with high concentration feel that 25 minutes is short. They tend to think that the Pomodoro technique is a technique for people without concentration. 
		Let's talk a little about my experiences. I was working on a tough programming challenge, and I did not finish it with one Pomodoro. 
		As the timer rang, I got up and walked a few steps. At that time, I came up with a better solution than the way I was doing. I hurried back to the desk, and I tried the new idea for 1 Pomodoro. The problem was settled altogether. If I did not use the Pomodoro timer, I continued working in the former approach without finding a better way. The concentration makes our viewpoint closer to the problem and makes our field of view narrower. If you concentrate on a wrong target, it is a less valuable time usage.
[en.icon]