Call for Reviewers
	You can see the contents of the book here: [/intellitech-en]
		You are required to be interested in the content of this book.
			If you are not interested in the book, applying this review is not good for both you and me.
		I can give you PDF, ePub or Mobi files if you want.
			I use LeanPub for file distribution: https://leanpub.com/intellitech-howtoboostyourcreativity
			I can give you a coupon to get the book free of charge.
	If you have experiences of programming, it is better, but it is not required.
	Even if you are not native English speaker, it does not matter. I want to express in simple English that everyone can understand even they are not native.
	If you want you can put your name on the `Acknowledgments` section and it go along with further translation from English.
 I'm not sure the best way to manage this project. Let me hear your opinion.
  My suggestion: start with one-hour trial, then discuss 
  I want to hear anything you think, especially which section is difficult to understand. 
		It is difficult to define required quality of review comments, so feel easy. I hope you enjoy reading my book.

---
What kind of review I need:
	I am trying to make the text understandable for people all over the world.
 	So I would like to know any questions or [IWAKAN] (a sense of disharmony) that came to your mind while you were reading the text.
		The information about sections you feel difficult, confusing or questionable is valuable.
		I appreciate any comments and questions. Questions can help me to describe more precisely.
	There is no need to admire this book. Your review is not for displaying in bookstore. It is for improving my manuscript.

How to feedback:
	Feel easy to send me an email: nishio 'dot' hirokazu 'at' gmail 'dot' com

---
	If you read PDF in the Preview app in Mac, you can use `Cmd+[` to back link.
	It is okay to use PDF annotation to respond comments to me.
		Tell me if you have better way to do this task.
---

I think there are 3 kinds of issues:
	Semantic issues: you find it difficult to understand.
	Grammatical issues: you understand the meaning but the syntax is not correct.
	Style issues: you understand the meaning and the syntax is correct, but you think it is not a natural expression.

Currently I focused on the semantic issues.
---

[en.icon]