(4.4.1.2) Books that require external reference
An author does not know what knowledge the reader has. So the author assumes that the reader has some knowledge.
Whether the reader has those knowledge has a big influence on how to read books. If readers do not have the required knowledge, they must first refer to the external book to get the required knowledge to understand the book.

In this book "Intellitech," I refer to various books and concepts. I made efforts to briefly describe the content of those book as possible so that the readers can understand without reading those book. Of course, I think it better to read the original books. I used the concept of [(1.3.3) Learn roughly first].

On the other hand, I assumed that the reader is a software engineer and I did not explain basic content on software engineering. This decision was difficult. Intellitech is not only for software engineers, but it is useful for people in many fields. However, the less knowledge I assume, the content becomes more frequently-told concepts. There is a risk of becoming [boring] content.

-----

Lynda Gratton, the Author of "work shift" told an interesting story.

By the growth of "[knowledge providing service]" such as [Wikipedia], we can get knowledge provided by such service easily. It decreases the value of knowing that knowledge. To survive in the market, we need to have knowledge that such services do not provide.

I believe that those services raise the level of required knowledge for new books.

[https://gyazo.com/922e784e6f2ab029efbae4520bffb3db]
Fig: [With the advent of knowledge providing services, the required knowledge level rise.]

Even if the reader does not know certain knowledge, the reader can search the Internet and know it immediately. If the author thinks so for certain knowledge, he does not explain it in his book. 

As of 2017 when writing this book, there is a big difference in the article quality of Wikipedia between the Japanese version and the English version. If the required knowledge level of books written by English-speaking authors rises, the cost of understanding increases when the Japanese read the translation. I do not know what happens in the future. Japanese people need to learn basic things from English Wikipedia, or [machine translation] fills the gap.

[en.icon]