pIntEn Translation completed up to chapter 6
from [Engineers' Intellectual Production English Project].
pIntEn Translation completed up to chapter 6
2022-01-20
	[intellitech-en merge].
	Initially [pScrapboxAutoTrans], I was thinking of tying it in with [Scrapbox Englishization Plan].
		After talking to Keichobot, he concluded that it would be better to separate them [ScrapboxAutoTrans Development Diary 2022-01-20].
	The "go to a comic book cafe and translate" routine broke down in COVID 19 and just stopped.
　Reviewing past memos
　It is not appropriate to separate by date.
　　Split [Engineers' Intellectual Production English Project (-20190522)] into the following
   [pIntEn English translation started] 2018-12~2019-01
   [pIntEn formatting begins].
   [pIntEn translation demotivated]
   [pIntEn released up to chapter 3].
   [pIntEn released up to chapter 5] ~2019-05-22
		The reason for the split at this time 2019-05-22 is because the creation of [pIntEn] was at this time
		　Here's why we made it.
		　I tried to put it in Scrapbox because I was confused by communicating in English, handling the revision fragments of different revision policies for different people, and trying to do "I've got five chapters done, so I'll have them reviewed in parallel."
		　　That would be confusing... why would you try to do such acrobatics when you have such poor project management skills, you idiot? You must be an idiot...
		　　The "urgent tasks with deadlines" of the Shenzhen tour and the Regroup announcement came at a time when I was confused by the load of multiple tasks of translation and review support, and blew up my project.
		　Then, when I regained my composure and tried to resume, COVID 19 blew me away again.
		　[pIntEn Interruption Period] 2019-08-22~2020-01-22
		[pIntEn reboot] 2021-08-10
			[pScrapboxAutoTrans]
			[pIntellitech]
　Reflection and Consideration
　　Translating is more important than responding to reviewers' comments and translating chapters 6-7
　　However, direct message exchange with a human being made it necessary to respond back in a reasonable amount of time, making it an "[urgent task]."
　　　[Urgent/Important Matrix].
　Future Tasks
　　Translation of chapters 6 and 7
　　　This is the most important
　　Typesetting of chapters 6 and 7
　　　Is it important? I'm ready for a break.
　　Make it readable in Scrapbox Reader
　　　This is more important than typesetting and publishing as an e-book
　　Toward a better network structure on Scrapbox
　　　This is of interest, but the definition of complete is unclear

2022-01-21
　I get sidetracked, like how do I make a table of contents?
　Hold tight and translate one pomodoro for now.
	[How to Prepare for an English Language Translation Project]
	6.2.4
	>When we reduce abstract concepts that have no physical form to physical sensations, we often create parables. Since abstract concepts have no form in reality, we compare them to other things that exist in reality. A metaphor can be taken as a physical sensation or experience that has not yet been verbalized below the surface, but is barely verbalized through the uncommon use of language.
	>If you drop an abstract concept that does not have a physical shape to a physical sensation, a parable tends to be born. Since an abstract concept does not have a form in reality, it can be compared to another existing thing in reality. In parable stories, it can be thought that body sensations and experiences that are not yet linguished under the water are barely linguisticized by using words that are not common.
	>An abstract concept that has no physical form tends to create parables when put into physical senses. Since abstract concepts have no form in reality, they can be compared to other things that exist in reality. In a parable, physical sensations and experiences that have not yet been verbalized under the surface can be considered barely verbalized by using uncommon words.
	Uh...
		Abstract concepts have no physical form. When we bring them closer to concrete physical sensations, they often give rise to parables.
 	Why. Abstract concepts cannot be captured by the physical senses because they have no physical form. By trying to capture it with the physical senses, we begin to use objects that have physical form in place of the concept.
 	In a parable, words are used to mean something different from their common meaning. Through this uncommon use, your experience, which is not yet in the form of words, barely partially becomes a form of words.
 		Abstract concepts do not have a physical form. When we bring them closer to concrete physical sensations, they often give rise to parables.
  	Why? Because abstract concepts do not have a physical form, they cannot be captured by the physical senses. By trying to grasp them with our physical senses, we come to use objects with physical forms in place of the concepts.
  	In parables, words are used to mean something different from their common meaning. By this uncommon use, your experience, which has not yet taken the form of words, barely partially takes the form of words.


	Grammerly still had the contents of 6.1.2.3 stuck on it, was this on the way?
	　Looks like it's being translated.
	　There was a TODO to write the source.

　Things have changed a lot since I used to translate, so I may have to change my approach.
　　Grammerly is a means of quality improvement and can be done later.
　　There is an English text translated by Google from Japanese.
　　If this does not make sense when converted back to Japanese at DeepL, then it is not a good translation.

	>+Experiments that elicited creativity in the previous picture included the metaphor of plants and the metaphor of nuclear fusion. Young also compared the process of idea creation to a coral reef. A beautiful coral reef suddenly appears in a blue ocean. Ideas also appear suddenly. Coral reefs are created by countless tiny coral worms in the ocean. Ideas are also the final fruit of countless small activities going on beneath our consciousness.


	working in the fields
	The process of growing and harvesting crops in a farm.

>- We also found that when analogies were made in distant fields, for example, between industrial products and objects in nature, the novelty of the product was higher
>+ We also found that when analogies were made between, for example, an industrial product and a distant field such as animals, the novelty of the product was higher!

>-A metaphor is a parable that does not explicitly state that it is strictly metaphorical. Warming up an idea is a metaphor: "An idea is like an egg. However, for the purposes of this chapter, this distinction is not important, so you can think of a metaphor as a parable.
>+A metaphor is a parable that does not explicitly state that it is strictly metaphorical. For example, "warming up an idea" is a metaphor. An idea is like an egg. When it is first produced, it does not move, but by warming it up, it becomes a chick and begins to move on its own. However, this distinction is not important to the story in this chapter, so you can think of it as a metaphor.


[(6.2.4) Parable, metaphor, analogy]

>- Although this method is directly with others, there are several concepts that can be used as references. The three categories of "abstract concepts, bodily sensations, and metaphors" in this chapter are based on their arguments.
for what...

>+This method is directly with others, but it is also useful for eliciting metaphors from oneself.

>Created by counseling psychologist David Grove... I was referring to their claim.
> [ ] They are ...

It's unclear who the "et al." are.
I'm referring to the author of the Symbolic Modelling one.
Do you refer to the source as "in this book" rather than the person?

This part is translated as "what kind of" in existing Japanese translations, but when actually used by Japanese people, it is often translated as "Kind! but when actually used by Japanese people, it is often translated as "Kind!
In Keichobot, "What ~ is?" changed to "What is it?

---
>Especially ❶and❷ are important. For example, when the other person says "the sound of a bird," you can ask, "What kind of bird is that?" You can ask, "What kind of bird is it?
> If the other party answers "duck call," the abstract concept of "bird call" becomes more concrete.
> 
> That's how you keep digging deeper and deeper, and your horizons get narrower and narrower. So you can broaden your horizons by asking, "Is there anything else you can tell us about ducks?
> For example, he/she replied, "I keep them at home." We were able to get some information around the ducks.
> The clarity of the metaphor is quite different between "the sound of birds" and "the sound of ducks at my parents' house.


Regarding the question of location, perhaps more examples would make it easier to answer.
I'm giving you an example first of thinking that creativity belongs to the team.

For example, "Where is that 'creativity'?" and you think, "It's in my head," then it's "in your head so the other team members can't see it."
When it comes to "between team members."
It derives from, "That may not be consistent with the ideas the individual has," or "How do we get in a new team member?"

---
> and ❹ heard almost the same thing. They focused on the position of the metaphor.
> Those questions seem to contain a prejudice that X is not an abstract entity, but a concrete entity that occupies a place. This prejudice is driving the change from an abstract concept to a physical metaphor.
> 
> For example, "creativity" is obviously an abstract concept. Let us dare to ask. Where is your creativity? Think about it for a moment. Some will say it's your head, others will say it's your fingertips. It is a personal metaphor, so it is natural that it will differ from person to person.
> 
> I gave some examples in [6.2.3.1) Drawing]. One designer believes that creativity is initially in the brain and eventually spreads outside the brain. Another designer believes that creativity exists among team members.
> 
> "Where is creativity?" Suppose you are asked. If you think "It's in my head," that suggests that the creativity cannot be seen directly by other team members. If you thought, "It's among the members," that suggests that the creativity may not be aligned with each member's thinking.

---
Complete to [(6.2.4.2) Clean Language and Symbolic Modeling].
44 pages remaining.

It took me a while to arrive at the correct answer, but "put it on this project regardless of whether it is an English translation or not" was the correct answer!
　I immediately combined the article in the book I wrote in 2017 with the one I read in 2021.
　　[goes back to the original meaning of the word].

[buddding/seedling] Which one?
　Seedling seems appropriate.

2022-01-23
>- Up to this point, we have approached the surface of the water by comparing what is and is not verbalized to an iceberg, delving from abstract concepts to physical sensations and metaphors. What is the closest thing to the surface of the water? I believe it is discomfort. In this section, I will explain the concept of tacit knowledge and its two sides of the same coin: discomfort.

So far, I have compared what is verbalized and what is not to the part of the iceberg above and below the surface of the water.
We have progressed from an abstract concept near the summit to a physical sensation or metaphor near the water's surface and approaching the water's surface.
What is the closest thing to the surface of the water? I believe it is discomfort. In this section, I will explain tacit knowledge and discomfort. This is because tacit knowledge and discomfort are two sides of the same coin.

Writing on the polishing page is an organized form
Write here first, I'll sort it out later.

[bookish navigation].

>-Michael Polanyi called the sense of sensing that one is close to solving a problem "tacit knowing. He argues that humans have a nonverbal ability to sense when we are approaching or not approaching a solution to a problem, and that this ability is used to discover linguistic knowledge that has yet to be discovered.
Michael Polanyi believed that humans have a nonverbal ability to sense when they are approaching or not approaching a solution to a problem. He also believed that this ability is used to discover linguistic knowledge that has yet to be discovered. He called the sense of coming close to a solution to a problem, which he called "tacit knowing.

>-The philosopher Plato wrote in his book Mennon, note 32, that if you know what you are looking for, there is no problem, and if you do not know what you are looking for, you cannot expect to discover anything. The search for knowledge is not like searching the house for a missing wallet. If you can clearly verbalize what it is that you want to find, then you already have the answer.
The philosopher Plato wrote in his book that if you know what you are looking for, there is no problem, and if you do not know what you are looking for, you cannot expect to discover anything.*32 The search for knowledge is not like searching the house for a missing wallet. If you can clearly verbalize what it is that you want to find, then you already have the answer!

>I have not found a good word to describe this "feeling of being close to solving a problem"; Polanyi's proposed translation of tacit knowing is "tacit knowledge," but as of 2017 it has two meanings, "a feeling of being close to solving a problem" and "empirical knowledge that has not yet been verbalized." It has two meanings, and many people seem to take it to mean the latter.
I could not find a good Japanese word to describe this "feeling of getting closer to solving a problem. A common translation for tacit knowledge is "anmokuch. However, as of 2017, there are two meanings of ANMOKU-CHI. One is X and the other is Y. Many people use the latter meaning.

Empirical knowledge that has not yet been verbalized

Personal Knowledge: Towards a Post-Critical Philosophy

In his 1644 book "Principles of Philosophy," René Descartes proposed methodological skepticism.
Since then, Western philosophy has emphasized the linguistic thought process of "questioning what one takes for granted.
 Immanuel Kant considered this doubt (criticism) to be the most important task of philosophy.
He published Critique of Pure Reason, Critique of Practical Reason, and Critique of Judgment between 1781 and 1790. The term "critical philosophy" in the title of Polanyi's book refers to this kind of philosophy.

>-Ikujiro Nonaka, a management scientist, discussed knowledge creation within organizations in his 1996 book "The Knowledge Creating Company" Note 4. focused on knowledge creation by individuals, but Ikujiro Nonaka's interest is in knowledge creation within organizations.

Management scholar Ikujiro Nonaka published a book titled "The Knowledge Creation Company" in 1996.
Based on Polanyi's philosophy, he classified knowledge into tacit and formal knowledge. He then added the dimension of whether knowledge resides in individuals or in organizations. This is to discuss knowledge creation within organizations.
While Polanyi's interest was in the knowledge creation of individual scientists, Nonaka's interest was in knowledge creation within organizations.

>- I am sure you have all experienced this kind of "uncomfortable" feeling. However, since the reason is not verbalized, many people may take it as something inferior and disregard it. However, it is rather the opposite, and it is better to see discomfort as an important sign that the reason has not yet been verbalized, and that there is something there that needs to be verbalized.

I am sure you have all experienced this kind of "discomfort" before.
But because you can't verbalize the reason, you take it as something inferior,
I think many people underestimate it.
But rather the opposite.
The discomfort should be taken as an important sign that the reason is not yet verbalized and that there is something there that needs to be verbalized.

I am sure you have all experienced this kind of "discomfort" before.

However, because they are unable to verbalize their reasons, they tend to see them as something inferior.
Many people disregard it.

But rather the opposite.
Discomfort is an important sign that something is there that needs to be verbalized.

The reason has not yet been verbalized, will be verbalized in the future.

---
[/villagepump/2022/01/23#61ed2dcd1280f0000026ee50]
[Table of Contents]

2022-01-24
>TAE is a complex methodology consisting of 14 steps, which will not be described in detail here. The philosopher Eugene T. Gendlin et al. who developed the method calls the "felt sense" the "physical sensation that we have not yet been able to articulate well, but that we feel is important," and we will adopt it in this book because it is useful.

TAE is a complex methodology consisting of 14 steps, which will not be described in detail here.
Philosopher Eugene T. Gendlin, who developed this method, calls it "felt sense," something that "we have not yet been able to put into words well, but which we feel is important.
It is convenient to point to this concept with a name handle, so we will adopt it in this book.
Since it is useful to name and point to this concept, we shall adopt the term "felt sense" in this document.

It is useful to give this concept a name so that it can be used as a handle to point to it.
Therefore, we shall adopt the term "felt sense" in this document as well.

Prior to the fourth edition, the
A physical sensation that I haven't quite put into words yet, but that I feel is important."
I had written to him, but he sorted it out.
The "stuff" in "things that I have yet to put into words well, but that I feel are important" is described as "moyamoya" when I explain it casually in Japanese.


Physical sensation

foggy

I'm not sure how this is connected to the foreground without additional explanation?
hmm
Of course, it's here in relation to "discomfort" and "tacit knowledge".

Do you want to hold off and move on?

[http://previous.focusing.org/tae-intro.html Introduction to Thinking At the Edge]

[Thinking at the edge of the edge]

PENDING: [(6.2.5.3) Thinking At the Edge: Where words are still missing]

>What I found particularly interesting was the step of using a dictionary. You look up key words in the dictionary that seem important in the short sentence and compare the dictionary description with what you meant to say. Since the words in the short sentences are words that I have tentatively applied to a felt sense that I cannot express well, there is often some discrepancy when I compare them with the dictionary explanation. I pay attention to that discrepancy, or discomfort.
What I found particularly interesting about TAE was the step of using a dictionary.
First, select key words from a short sentence that expresses your sense of what is important.
Then, look up the keywords in a dictionary.
Then, compare the dictionary description with what you want to say.
Words in short sentences temporarily point to a felt sense that you are unable to articulate well.
So, in many cases, there is some discrepancy with the dictionary description.
Let us focus on the discrepancy.

[https://gyazo.com/fc0a1ac0899dab0cd596e32675f6748f]

>For example, I have a metaphor that says, "I have a gear in my head that sometimes spins around at high speed. I have a metaphor that if I let other gears work in this state, the teeth will be chipped, so I need to slow down. One day it occurred to me that this "slowing down" might be what the world calls "meditation.
For example, I have a metaphor.
 I have gears in my head.
 Sometimes its gears do not mesh with other gears.
 In that case, the gears in my head are turning at high speed.
 If that gear were meshed with another gear, the gear would lose a tooth.
 So we need to slow down the gears.

At one point, I wondered if this "slowing down" was what the world calls "meditation.
---
>I was strongly disconcerted when I looked up meditation in the dictionary and found that it means "to meditate deeply and quietly with one's eyes closed. The felt sense I was trying to describe with the word "meditation" does not require closing one's eyes. Also, the expression "meditate on a thought" does not fit the image of trying to turn something and slowing down its rotation. The only words that fit me in this description are "deeply" and "quietly".
However, the sense does not match the dictionary definition.

So I looked up the word "meditation" in the dictionary.
Close your eyes and think deeply and quietly".
I felt a strong sense of discomfort.

The felt sense I have tried to describe by the word "meditation" does not require closing your eyes.
Also, the expression "thinking about" is trying to spin something, which is not consistent with the image of slowing down the spinning. This dictionary description only accepted the words "deep" and "quiet".

In other words, "deep" and "quiet" seem to be the right words to describe my feeling. This seems to correspond to "slowing down". Conversely, the opposite of "deep" and "quiet" should correspond to "spinning at high speed.

 "Are they spinning noisily?"
What is the opposite of "deeply"? Shallow"? High"?
Both are uncomfortable.
'Floating' or 'off the ground' is OK.

Develop your thinking as described above. By drawing key words in a dictionary, comparing them, and focusing on "discomfort," what you want to say becomes clear.


>+The Japanese language also has an idiom "quick-witted" (= clever). This idiom usually means good. However, I believe that this idiom can be interpreted in a bad way.

Concept of public
　It's not "published."
　Not privately owned, but shared.
　Is it closer to COMMON or SHARED?
　The expression that something is public, DeepL will translate as "publicly available".

The "words that are being spoken" are meant in this one lump.
speaking language / spoken language
primary mode / secondary mode
>sometimes repeated in terms of spoken and speaking language (le langage parlé et le langage parlant) (The Prose of the World, p. 10). Spoken language (le langage parlé), or secondary expression

There are two kinds of words: public and private.

Stop using Merleau-Ponty's "words that are being spoken" in the text.

>By comparing what you wanted to express in the word you are speaking with what is commonly expressed in that word in the dictionary, you are making it clearer what you are trying to say. This is an example of how comparing similar things can promote understanding.

This unspoken reference, maybe the reader didn't get it.
[(1.5.1.1) Focus between 'same' and 'different']
Should I put it in [(6.2.5.4) Matching with a dictionary]?

>+The words just spoken are private words, you need not worry about whether they will be conveyed to others.


A philosopher Maurice Merleau-Ponty argued that personal private "speaking language" become shared public "instituted language". By using the instituted language  multiple people can communicate. But at the creation of words, it is not instituted.

---almost rewrited
There are two types of words: public words and private words.


Consider two people, Alice and Bob. Dictionary definitions of words are shared, public terms. They are institutionalized for multiple people to communicate. In other words, these words are in the common domain of Alice and Bob.
On the other hand, the words Alice just spoke are in Alice's private sphere. Therefore, we do not know whether Bob will feel that they mean what Alice expects them to mean.

The words you just spoke are private words, so don't worry about whether or not others will understand them.
At the same time, the words we just spoke are private words, and we need to refine them to better express them in order to communicate them to others.

This is similar to what [(6.1.2.1) Young's Idea Method] says, "[Ideas] do not work very effectively as they are born.
Whether it is a word or an idea, it has to be nurtured after [the seedling].


Philosopher Maurice Merleau-Ponty argued that the personal, private "spoken language" is shared as a public "enacted language." The enacted language allows more than one person to communicate. But it is not enacted at the time of the language's creation.
---

next
[(6.2.5.6) Use disconfort to arrange cards]

2022-01-26
[(5.2.3) Make related things close]
[(6.1.2.1) Young's method to make ideas]

While you are arranging the cards, you sometimes feel that there is something wrong with placing this card next to that card.

I wrote about KJ method in X and Young's method in Y.
In those method we write information on the card and then arrange those cards.

As you are arranging the cards, you often feel that there is something wrong with putting this card next to this card.

In the KJ method, after arranging the cards in a "this looks good here," you ask yourself, "What is the reason for arranging them this way?" I ask myself.

Symbolic modeling had a similar question. It is "What is the relationship between X and Y?" The question is "What is the relationship between X and Y? Or, "Are X and Y the same or different?" That is.

Initially, the relationship between cards that have not yet been written is expressed.
The relationship, not yet verbalized, has become an observable entity.
Asking yourself questions about the expression of these relationships encourages them to become words.
Finally, write a short sentence describing the relationship, use it as a nametag, and bind the cards together.

I think this is why Jiro Kawakita said, "Cards should not be classified. If you arrange cards according to existing classification criteria, you will answer the question, "What is the reason for arranging them in this way?
It does not have the effect of facilitating the verbalization of what has not yet been verbalized.

This is the most important part of the KJ method.
I have taught the KJ method to someone doing it for the first time.
Many people use reasons that are already verbalized when they lay out their cards.
The question "Where is the right place?" is also asked verbally.
For first-timers, it is a natural question.
However, the use of verbalized reasons undermines the usefulness of the KJ method.

This is a technique that assists you in putting into words what is still unspoken within you. If you look outside of you for the right answer, you will never find it.

Headlines, changed rather violently.
KJ method also focuses on discomfort -> Use discomfort to arrange cards

consideration
When writing as a paper book, it is strongly assumed that the reader reads from head to head and what is written in the foregoing text is in the reader's head [assumption of one-dimensional reading].
　This assumption is not correct even for a paper book, the reader might read it on a break or flip through it.
　I think of people who come in other than the "read from head to toe" route when it comes to Scrapbox pages.
　So I feel the need to explicitly connect things like "as written so far" or what I implicitly think will be connected in my head with common keywords without even saying it.
	[(6.2.5.6) Use disconfort to arrange cards]
		>I wrote about KJ method in (5.2.3) Make related things close and Young's method in (6.1.2.1) Young's method to make ideas. In those method we write information on the card and then arrange those cards.
　[stock of associations]. We implicitly expected associations to occur in the reader, but now we make them explicit.

>- It is important to pay attention to physical sensations, experiences, and discomfort. They are not yet put into words. When we try to put them into words, they often take the form of parables and metaphors. The words that have just emerged may not be understood by others without explanation. But there is no need to fear that they will not be understood. It can be a private language that others cannot understand, so you can first take it out of yourself, write it down so it doesn't disappear, and then improve it into a form that others can understand. Even if it is something that only you can communicate, language is a handle, and it is easier to operate with it.
It is important to pay attention to body sensations, physical sensations, and discomfort.
They have not yet been put into words.
 When we try to create language, it often takes the form of a parable or metaphor.
 The words that just came out may not be understood by others without explanation.
 But there is no need to be afraid.
You can put your thoughts out of your mind first, write them down so they don't disappear, and then improve them into a form that people can understand.
Even if written in your own personal language, the words act as handles, and they facilitate the manipulation of your thoughts.

>- It is important to pay attention to physical sensations, experiences, and discomfort. They are not yet in words.
It is important to focus on what has not yet been said.
For example, physical sensations, experiences, discomfort, etc.

>On the other hand, as in the case of "birdcalls," it is often the case that the concrete physical senses are disconnected from the language that is the handle.
There is a disconnect between the words that serve as handles and the specific experience.
On the other hand, handles are often disconnected from the concrete experience, as in the "birdsong" example.

On the other hand, it is often the case that the handle is disconnected from the concrete experience, as in the "birdsong" example. In such cases, it is necessary to go down to the physical sensations and experiences and reconnect them with the handle. The goal here is to connect "what is not yet verbalized in your mind" with the handle as a word.
There is no point in creating words without connection. It is like a rootless plant. It will soon wither away.

>- First, build a product from an idea with minimal implementation. Next, we show it to the customer and measure the response. Then we learn from it and modify the idea based on the measured data.
First, we create a product based on an idea with minimal implementation. Then we show it to the customer and measure the response. We then learn from the measured data and modify the idea based on the learning.

>Note 41 On the other hand, this argument by Eric Ries assumes that there are a myriad of potential clients and that the experiment can be repeated over and over again. For example, if you have one evaluator and you are trying to get a job by appealing to his/her ability, you may not get another chance if the quality is too low. It is a trade-off between the effort you put in and the likelihood of being evaluated.
This is the difference between situations in which repeated experiments are possible and situations in which only one attempt is possible. Experimental science methodology assumes a situation in which repeated experiments are possible.
If you can only try once, you have to make difficult decisions in the tradeoff between the likelihood of being adopted and the effort you put into your appeal.

I'm sure I'll understand better if I put the [Eariest Testable Product] story in here, but I'll hold off for now.

>Crystallizing is a state where ideas are crystallizing. 
www

>Suppose, again, that what you have created is a useful tool. But it will not create value unless people use it. The value is not created by the tool itself, but by the interaction between the tool and the user in the upper system consisting of the tool and the user. Not only the artifact, the tool, but also how to use it, the words that express the concept of using it, teaching how to use it, and the language, all combine to create value.
　This speaks to the funny thing about the "I offer something of value and the user doesn't give anything in return" philosophy.
　It is the customer who determines value, and it is the responsibility of the creator to create a system of interaction with the customer.

>I was concerned that if it were divided into three parts, it would be misinterpreted as going through each phase only once in sequence.
In prototyping, "what to build" must already be crystallized. In order to perform, what to embed must already be prototyped. In many cases, however, it is necessary to crystallize "what to make" in the prototyping phase and "what to embed" in the performing phase.
(Additional Explanation)

>[ ]Differences of opinion are opportunities to notice blind spots. The U-Curve model introduced the Seeing state of not accepting information that differs from one's own point of view. This is a state of clinging to one's existing frame of reference and not accepting information from another's point of view.
> [ ] In order to get out of this state, we need to encourage them to verbalize how they are feeling and absorb it. This is where the verbalization techniques learned in the cultivating phase become useful again. You can hone your skills by practicing with yourself and then use them when you disagree in conversation with others.

A difference of opinion is an opportunity to notice blind spots. When you do not accept information that contradicts your point of view, it is the Seeing state of U-theory. In this state, you cling to your existing frame of reference and do not accept information from others' perspectives.
Written by X.

To get out of this state, we need to understand the perspectives of others. To understand, we need to translate the unverbalized sensations of others into words. We cannot understand information while it is in someone else's head. It is necessary to take it into oneself in as undistorted a state as possible.

Here again, the verbalization methods learned during the plowing phase come in handy. You can practice on yourself the skill of getting information out of your own mind. And you can use that skill to retrieve information from the minds of others, even if your opinion differs from theirs.

[after6.3.4 column draft].

I take a walk during the day and I'm feeling good and making progress.
Maybe what you needed was a walk.

>This "time machine" is the customer's private language. The customer has something he wants to express, but does not know the appropriate word to describe it. So he happened to choose "time machine", which he thought seemed the closest among the words he knew. This "time machine" is a metaphor.

The customer wanted to express something. However, they did not know a good word to express it. So, I chose the word "time machine" from among the words I knew. I thought that was the closest to what I wanted to express. This "time machine" is a [metaphor]. This "time machine" is the private language of the individual client who just spoke (I wrote about it in "(6.2.5.5) Public and Private Words").

>- Suppose that after questioning the customer, he learned that the customer had inadvertently overwritten an important file and wanted to use a time machine to go back in time and retrieve the file. He wanted to use the term "time machine" to describe a tool that would allow him to obtain the file after it had been overwritten but before it was overwritten. On the other hand, a programmer's term would be "a mechanism that automatically backs up and restores past files when needed. The client was not familiar with the concept of automatic backup, so he chose "time machine" because it seemed the closest among the words he knew.
After questioning the customer, we learned that the customer had unintentionally overwritten an important file and wanted to go back in time and retrieve the file.
What is needed is "a way to retrieve the file before it was overwritten". That is a "time machine" in his/her words.

On the other hand, in the programmer's words, it is "software that automatically backs up and restores past files when needed. Since the client was not familiar with the concept of "automatic backup," he chose "time machine.

These question are similar to the clean question described in [(6.2.4.2) Clean Language and Symbolic Modeling].

>- One is to go through the PDCA cycle of fixing what was not communicated well, improving the software, etc. The approach is to take the current idea and grow it into something bigger.
One is Adjustment. This is an approach that seeks to improve customer value by modifying documents and software. This approach preserves current ideas and refines them through the PDCA cycle.

>- There are not just a few knowledge fields, but countless. Knowledge fields have no clear boundaries. Knowledge areas are not independent, and learning one area increases the amount of knowledge in a nearby area. Knowledge fields are not static; new ones are being added every day. To describe this, it is appropriate to use a smoothly connected, not closed, circle.

There are not just a few knowledge fields, but countless. Knowledge fields have no clear boundaries. Knowledge areas are not independent, and learning one area increases the amount of knowledge in a nearby area.
To express this, a smoothly connected distribution chart with no clear axes is preferred, rather than a representation with values on several axes.

The field of knowledge is not static, but new and increasing every day.
To express this, it is more appropriate to use open lines rather than closed circles.

add (e.g. annex)
If you have read "Blue Ocean Strategy," you may recall the Cirque du Soleil strategy map. In comparing one's own business with that of one's competitors, the axes of comparison are not fixed, but newly created. If you are implicitly ignoring this newly created axis, you have a blind spot.

[Re: (Column) We can not communicate bi-directionally with books]
Fourth edition additions are later than the English translation of the original, so they need to be reflected later.

Once the English version is statically distributed, check Analytics to see from which countries it is being read.

>Many people think of learning as bringing something outside of you into you, and generating ideas as bringing something inside of you out of you, which are two opposite things.

It's a difficult syntax, though I wrote it down because it's kind of obvious in Japanese.

Many people think of learning as bringing something outside of yourself into yourself.
And they also think of creating ideas as bringing something inside of yourself out.
They think learning phase and creating phase are opposites.
Many people may think that learning is about taking what is outside of you and bringing it into you.
We also believe that generating ideas is about getting what is inside of you out.
We believe that the learning phase and the creating phase are opposites.

>However, this is not the case. If we divide the process of idea generation into three phases: the cultivating phase, the sprouting phase, and the nurturing phase, the cultivating phase was closely related to information gathering and the nurturing phase to verification. Information gathering and verification are the elements introduced in the learning cycle. I feel that learning and idea creation are not opposites, but almost the same thing. In other words, what happens at the moment of the germination of an idea is a new combination, the discovery of a connection between different things, the discovery of a pattern, modeling, and abstraction.

Oh no, you don't explain this well enough.
In "Information Gathering and Verification, the Elements Introduced in the Learning Cycle."
So what we think of as the "idea creation process" is really a "learning cycle.
So what is called "the germ of an idea" is a new union, the discovery of a connection between different things, the discovery of a pattern, a modeling, an abstraction!



[(6.1.2) Predecessor's idea creation methods]
We compare [James Webb Young]'s "How to create an idea," [Jiro Kawakita]'s "HASSOUHOU(How to make ideas)" and Otto Scharmer's "U theory."

The [small start] principle, I don't remember putting it together.
