Use your intellect rather than your memory when helping others.
from [The Art of Worldly Wisdom]
Use your intellect rather than your memory when helping others.
Use your intellect rather than your memory when helping others. This is because the former merely requires recall, whereas the latter requires the ability to think.

If you have the light of wisdom, share it. If not, ask for it.
Cautious at first, anxious at last.
　[nishio.icon]I wonder if this is talking about "if there is, if there isn't, each" or if "first" refers to "if there is".
　　You mean, "be cautious in your advice" or "anxiously seek advice?"

The story about not giving too much is also common with [keeping things on pause].

Maybe it's related to [similar thinking in the past].
	["A recent fad? It's been around for a long time."]
		>"It's been around for a long time" where we're talking about the recent past, which ignores the context [of the old story].
		I see. I mean...
		　The "help with memory" is just pulling from the past.
		　Help with intelligence" first asks about the current situation and then produces advice that fits the current situation.
		So that's what it means.
		It's annoying to be told a lot of old stories that don't match the current context, so don't think you're helping by rambling on about memories you associate with it.
			>Do not give more than a hint.
			I'm not saying this to be petty, but to say that giving a lot of mismatched information doesn't make sense.
		That leads me to the last sentence.
			>If he thinks "no," go looking for "yes." Therein lies the cleverness. Most things are not obtained simply because they are not attempted.
			For something he assumes he "can't get," it's good to give him a hint: "Maybe you can get it this way?" It is good to give him hints.
			[Most things are not obtained] simply because they are not attempted.
---
Many people omit à propos because it does not come to mind.

At such times, a friend's advice might be a good thing.

It is one of the greatest gifts of the heart to be able to provide what is needed at that moment.

Because without it, a lot of things cannot be done.

If you have the light of intelligence, share it.
If it is not there, ask for it.

Cautious at first, anxious at last.

I won't give more than a hint.
This technique is especially necessary when you are touching the interest of the person whose attention you have aroused.

At first, it should only be tasted.
And if that is not enough, do more.

If he thinks "no," you go looking for "yes.
Therein lies the cleverness.
Most things are unobtainable because they are not attempted.
---
It is better to help with intelligence than with memory.
lxviii 

The latter requires only memory, the former even more so because it requires [νοῦς] (nous, reason). Many omit à propos because it does not come to mind. In such cases, the advice of a friend will help them to understand its advantages. It is one of the greatest gifts of the mind to be able to provide what is needed at the time. Share the light of your intelligence when you have it, ask for it when you don't have it, carefully at first, anxiously at last. Do not give more than a hint. This technique is especially necessary when you touch the interest of the person whose attention you have aroused. Give him a taste at first, and if that is not enough, give him more. If he thinks "no," go looking for a "yes." Therein lies the cleverness. Most things are not obtained simply because they are not tried.

---
lxviii It is better to help with Intelligence than with Memory.

The more as the latter needs only recollection, the former νοῦς. Many persons omit the à propos because it does not occur to them; a friend's advice on such occasions may enable them to see the advantages. ’Tis one of the greatest gifts of mind to be able to offer what is needed at the moment: for want of that many things fail to be performed. Share the light of your intelligence, when you have any, and ask for it when you have it not, the first cautiously, the last anxiously. Give no more than a hint: this finesse is especially needful when it touches the interest of him whose attention you awaken. You should give but a taste at first, and then pass on to more when that is not sufficient. If he thinks of No, go in search of Yes. Therein lies the cleverness, for most things are not obtained simply because they are not attempted.
