Know how to choose well.

Know how to choose well. Most of your life depends on it.
	To be able to choose well requires sense and right judgment. Intelligence and learning are not enough.
	To be able to choose well, one must actually make choices and learn from experience.
	　Two things are necessary for this to happen:
	　　First, it must be possible to make a choice.
	　　Selecting the next best thing
	　　　By striving to make the best choices, we develop the sense and judgment to choose well.
	There are many people who have rich and sensitive minds, keen judgment, much learning, and excellent powers of observation, but are at a loss when it comes to making a choice.
	They always pick the worst ones, as if they were trying to go about it the wrong way.
	The sense of choosing well is one of the greatest gifts from heaven.



>To be choice, you must choose
　I'm not sure.
　To be CHOICE, you have to CHOOSE, and it reads, but it doesn't connect well with the surroundings.
　Superinterpreted, it becomes "To become a person of choice, one must learn through repeated choice and practice."
　　For now, the purpose is not to translate it accurately, but to do it that way because it would be beneficial if I produce new intellectual production with this stimulus.

from [The Art of Worldly Wisdom]
Know how to choose well.
51 
Most of life depends on it. Sense and right judgment are necessary, and neither intelligence nor learning is sufficient for this. In order to choose, one must choose, and this requires two things: to be able to choose at all, and then to choose the best. There are many people who have rich and sensitive minds, keen judgment, much learning, and excellent powers of observation, but who are at a loss when it comes to making a choice. They always end up choosing the worst, as if they were trying to go in the wrong direction. Thus, this is one of the greatest gifts from heaven.

li Know how to Choose well.

Most of life depends thereon. It needs good taste and correct judgment, for which neither intellect nor study suffices. To be choice, you must choose, and for this two things are needed: to be able to choose at all, and then to choose the best. There are many men of fecund and subtle mind, of keen judgment, of much learning, and of great observation who yet are at a loss when they come to choose. They always take the worst as if they had tried to go wrong. Thus this is one of the greatest gifts from above.