Diary 2022-01-31log
Almost chronological raw log
　Organized by [diary 2022-01-31].
---
diary
I had a sense that I "got" something in the dream ^_^, but it disappeared.

But it was definitely there, so even if it escaped, it must still be near the surface, and if I write down everything I can think of, maybe I can find it again?

I was writing a diary at the well.

There were not many diary-like pages in this Scrapbox.
for some reason

There was a development diary.
I started writing on my diary page in the form of "I've developed something that I think many people would be interested in, so let's write about it" in the well.
Later, the theme of the diary expanded due to the influence of the diary writing of others around me.

Toumenological culture?

There was also a gameplay diary.

Some of the early blog posts were diary-like.
I've been blogging for almost 10 years and I've changed unconsciously.

Well-documented diary goodness
I really don't need a title.
No resistance to writing just one line.

What I felt early on when I started using Scrapbox
Must be titled.
There should be no such restrictions on the primary receptacle for writing out thoughts.
Howm the date page is created
Evernote

Forcing titles is not for writing out, but for organizing.
The writing phase and the organizing phase are one and the same.

Nota Philosophy

Even if the well was considered a good place to write anything, I wouldn't write this, because
Not in a form that others will read?
　Then there's no need to write it in a public project.
　No need to write, no need to see it, so it is placed?
　If there was a possibility that it might contain something that you wanted to keep secret, you should have started in private.
　　I started writing in public assuming that there would be none, but I may be suppressing something by doing so.

[Parable of the quiet room]
Noisy rooms make it impossible to search for fish that have escaped
They run deep.
Thoughts triggered by stimuli from others mask traces of earlier thoughts
I'm writing this in the bathroom because even the presence of people and cats in the physical room is disturbing.
It's like getting up, grabbing your phone and running to the bathroom.
Now that we've had a break, it's safe to get out.

When you're at the well, you're obviously in a different mode of mind.
I wrote my game diary here instead of the well for some reason.
Why?

What I saw in my dream

[https://gyazo.com/3ff6fca7cd0a043fc1dba0f96991b3ed]
[Iceberg model]?
[Values are verbalized bottom-up]?

Everything should be written out and then structured
And yet what is unconsciously written out depends on the "atmosphere of the place".

both

Yesterday's Social Triggers
half-diary

How to use Scrapbox
Referenced.
But I'm not sure that's appropriate as an example.
Bottom-up structuring of life purpose
Anything should be written in the early stages.
Involved in life and values.
They will feel "green" and "ashamed" and want to hide it.
Aside from "how to use Scrapbox," the best way to use a system for writing down thoughts, organizing them after the fact, and reading them back is to keep a private diary by yourself first.

We've been doing that without even realizing it.
In the days of howm, a diary written in a wiki-style system was not immediately available to others.
This simply wasn't suitable for it yet.
No, there was,
There was a Perl diary CGI, a chat system with bots in it, a mailing list, a communication tool for the same age group, etc.

leveraged reading

Not only where you write in concentrated form, but also in reading it back to you.

Review tool kmkdk (chewed up)
 A service that was abandoned when I started to think it wasn't good enough myself during the closed beta phase.
　You have to know the primary source."
　　No, it isn't.
　　It is sufficient if it can be traced, rather than the information of the source should not remain strong
→Incremental Reading is similar.
A primitive idea in this direction was referred to in the well as "active reading."


Purpose of Life
　Ex post facto connection
　 Connecting Dots Connecting Dots

Mode Difference
　When I first started writing this page, I felt different from the social networking writing mode
　Now it's no different than SNS export mode.
　　It was still elusive, so it shouldn't have inspired others.
　　When you mention "social triggers," you don't even open that page.
　　The social networking writing mode is to first have a lump of a post that others can see and understand it, and then continue replying to it.
　　Make new associations within the context formed by what was written earlier
　　　This is an exploratory process, different from "getting out what is already in you but not yet put into words", so others can comment, so it is done on social networking sites

The fragmented reading experiments I've been doing recently are also somewhat disconcerting.
　I don't feel like I'm in the right place.
　This is done in the belief that "at this stage we don't fit in yet, but over time we'll blend in".
　The fact that it doesn't feel like it's in the air is preventing me from doing 300 pages at once.

Why write a game diary?
　[Dyson Sphere Program]
　mystery
　And not all games write.
　　[Autonouts] or something like that, and they could have written it, but they didn't do it.
　It just happened to be written because I was playing one game in parallel with a friend and it was Early Access that had just come out, so I had an incentive to write and share my experience.

Electronics Articles
　I would never have written something like "Uenotan, which eats a lot" today.
　It's unconsciously filtered by not feeling the need to write on that information.

People who have nothing to write about.
　I think you're unconsciously filtering it all out.

If it were now, it would be the filter."
　Filters are changing.
　What is worth writing about is "value."
　This is looking back and observing the process of value formation after the fact!
