Re:2022/01/26
from [/villagepump/2022/01/26]

[/villagepump/nishio.icon]
 The English translation of "The Art of Intellectual Production of Engineers" has been completed after the section on verbalization.
 If I do it too many times in a row, I'm likely to get groggy again later, and after thinking about it, it's not good that I haven't left the room at all, so I went for a walk while the sun was still shining.
 I made a [muscle training memo with Notion] and operated it for a while, but I still felt Scrapbox was better.
 　I want to verbalize what I didn't like about Scrapbox that made me try Notion and what I didn't like about Notion that made me decide to go back to Scrapbox.
　　　It's been broken up into smaller units than a Scrapbox page, and there's no way to bundle them together and read them, which is a bad prospect.
　　Resistance to pinning things that are not "this is what I want you to see" pages
　　　and the Scrapbox muscle memory page was not pinned.
　　　This was inconvenient, but I solved it by putting it in Pinboard with [Porter].
　　Scrolling is cumbersome when adding new things in the style of writing one page at a time.
　　　This was also solved with Porter's scroll button.
　　It is tedious to write each and every exercise in a long string of text.
　　　Or "shoulder stand squats."
　　　I wonder if this can be done by registering words or by registering canned sentences in Porter.
　　　I realized that if I wrote it in a code block and put it at the end of the page, it would be two taps of the copy button -> paste button.
　　How did I do the last time I did the same exercise, and it's a pain in the ass to scroll through the records.
　　　This is not resolved.
　　　I'm thinking Scrapbox Reader might be the answer.
　Technological choices, for the purpose of increasing the probability that it will still be useful 10 years from now, you can use the ones that have been around for 10 years, but to compete in this moment, you can't just fight with dead tools, so I'm torn.
　　In extreme cases, "Since the Internet has only recently appeared, it is more stable to do things with pen and paper, which has been around for a long time," which may be stable, but I feel it is not.
　　The "Kyodai card is better than Scrapbox" stuff just sounds like old people's nostalgia.
　I wonder how long the average person lives behind the cutting edge of humanity.
　　When I saw the story about the 4 year delay in voice input in Scrapbox, I thought, "But the majority of humanity isn't using Scrapbox yet."
　　Companies that were/are telecommuting after the Great East Japan Earthquake in 2011 have since promoted telecommuting even more, so companies that can't telecommute without a valid reason in 2021 look like they are 10 years behind the curve.
　　Of course there are people in the world who still don't use smart phones, 2007-8 is when the iPhone and Android were introduced, so we're 15 years behind.
