What is the "outcome" of "outcome-focused information?"
from [knowledge must be proven by action].
What is "[Outcome]" in "[Outcome-focused information]"?
consideration
 Information Focused on Outcomes "What are these "outcomes"?" Is it money?
  Of course, knowledge that can be paid for will produce more "results" than knowledge that cannot be paid for.
  But I think it would be a big mistake to interpret it as "money-focused knowledge.
  Because money is capital.
  What Drucker meant in his book "Post-Capitalist Society" is that we are becoming a "knowledge society" in which knowledge contributes more to results than capital.
  So "results" here are also "results in terms of money" and "results in terms of knowledge," the latter being more important.

There are two main ways to achieve results as knowledge.
 Increase the amount of your knowledge
  for example
  　Knowledge that increases the speed at which I acquire knowledge,
  　Knowledge to discover new knowledge
  　Knowledge that makes it possible to learn knowledge that cannot be learned now.
  For example, knowledge of English
  　There is a huge difference in the quality and novelty of the documents you can read with and without.
  　So, learning English, especially speed reading of English texts, not conversational English, has a significant impact on the speed of knowledge acquisition.
			PS: I wrote this in 2010; thinking about it now in 2018, I feel like "machine translation has advanced so much, and will advance even more, that my English speed-reading skills may become obsolete."
			PS: It is now 2022. It is definitely becoming obsolete, I feel. Ten years ago, I would have probably bought the Iwanami Bunko from Amazon. The value of "readable now" has begun to outweigh the value of "human translation" as the quality of machine translation has improved.

 Increase the amount of knowledge of others
  Since knowledge is an asset belonging to the individual, copying and sharing the knowledge within oneself with others increases the overall asset. In other words, teaching is the production of assets. Knowledge that is taught efficiently is knowledge that increases the efficiency of production.

I was talking to a friend about such things, and he pointed out that the word "knowledge" has several meanings and should be categorized and assigned a different word. That's fair enough.
[There are many kinds of knowledge.]

[2010]
["What is Knowledge?" a reflection on reading Drucker's Post-Capitalist Society - Yasukazu Nishio's Hatena Diary http://d.hatena.ne.jp/nishiohirokazu/20100616/1276704066]
