NEXT Engineer's Intellectual Production Techniques

[The translation of the English translation of the "Engineer's Intellectual Production Techniques" project is now complete, and the process of improving the quality of the translation has become a gradual process.
So it is necessary to accumulate energy for the next discontinuous improvement

Collecting fragments.
Scrapbox
Kozaneba
Keichobot
Personal Wiki
Wiki
[Why are lines essential?]
　Not so much essential, but a big advantage.
[experience is multi-schematic, diary is temporal scheme].
[metaphor for the road].
　Container Metaphor
[Information Organization 3.0].
Link Concepts
[howm's come-from link].
Scrapbox Link
　No need to be connected at this time.
　The concept has changed from a link as "something that connects two parties that already exist."
　Approaching the concept of hashtags
　Ambiguous search is important
　　[Scrapbox suggestions are useful].
　Kozaneba
　　[(5.4.5) Electronic].
　knee-swing (gymnastics)
　　Connect to one dimension
　　The original KJ method is suitable for large-scale structuring such as a single book, but for everyday intellectual production, I felt I did not need such a large tool
　Shuhari
　Mind Palace
　　[Mind Palace in Minecraft]
　Measure first.
　Reading source code is reading documentation that is not one-dimensional.
　　[(4.1.1.4) Assembling one-dimensional information in the brain].
　　Decision-making on what to read next
Chapter of the Phantom
unbearable
 Is continuity an end? A means to an end?
The "Snacking and Studying Method."
 What is needed for continuity
 method of getting hooked on something
Trigger: Need a trigger
Social Triggers
Rewards: Rewards are required
INVESTMENT: investment required
Appropriate difficulty adjustment
Flow Theory: Between boredom and anxiety
Anki

untidy
What does "tidy up" mean?
Be able to see where it is located.
 Classification.
Humans cannot create perfect classifications from the start.
bat problem
One pocket principle
Strategy to give up classification and put it in one place
Difference between objects and information
Location limitation = Index
Database indexes are a mechanism to reduce the time spent finding "where is it" by enabling efficient determination of "not here".
The index works in the same way in organizing physical objects.
All the receipts are in this box."
The requirement for effectiveness is to be sure that it is not elsewhere.
bottom-up
How to create an index, build from the bottom up
time axis
Time axis is a handy index
search (e.g. for someone using a search engine)
Things are difficult to search. This is an approach to make it easier to search.
Masui method of super-organization, potato search
Chaos and Creativity
Does chaos increase creativity?
There is a difference between "chaos" with 100 sticky notes spread out on a desk and "chaos" where you can't find the tools you need.
Jiro Kawakita of "Let Chaos Speak."

Highly agitated
Gap between ideal and reality
Aiming for an ideal beyond what can be done (reality) creates frustration.
Impatience is the engine of ambition, but it must be controlled to the extent that it does not overheat and burn itself out.
The Problem of Perfectionism
Suffer from striving for perfection from the start.
incremental
Repeated improvement and gradual betterment.
default zero
If we don't do it, it's zero, so let's try everything.
Failure is also an opportunity to learn
corporeality
Maybe physicality isn't the right word, I can't think of a replacement right now.
It is strange to ignore the "body" as irrelevant when discussing the "spirit" of motivation and agitation.
The human spirit is affected by the body more than he or she realizes.
With regard to agitation in particular, caffeine intake is known to have an effect.
Beware of caffeine
Caffeine causes agitation.
Theanine in green tea eases agitation.
Introduction to an experiment in which both caffeine and theanine are ingested.
Temperature, moisture, oxygen, blood sugar
headache
sensory deprivation
isolation tank
eye mask
Earplugs and muffled headphones
meditation
Slow down the gears.
Override thoughts
stop thinking
Interrupt the movement of the mind

The [engineer's intellectual production] focused on the intellectual production of a single individual.
When thinking about multi-person organizations
[Frameworks] have the effect of creating a [common language
Form with added benefits
[(6.2.2.2) Advantages and disadvantages of frameworks].
[The Engineer's Art of Intellectual Production] concentrated first on what is personally feasible.
[Because we believe in originality before co-creation.
On the other hand, there are various means that are useful in situations where there is more than one person.
[Listening]
[Brainstorming]
[case study of problem solving].

Multiple people think
The focus of this book is on "things that can be done by one person. This is because it is difficult to use methods that require other people from the very first step. On the other hand, there are times when efficient intellectual production can be achieved through discussions with multiple people. We were interested in when this happens.
	It's easier to think with more than one person than it is to think alone, which is why we do [group work]."
	But the observational fact is that some people don't see the benefit of group work."
	"How can you understand the benefit of thinking with more than one person if you don't first think until you hit [the wall] alone?"
	"The advantage of more than one person is that it forces [a change in perspective] and allows [a fresh look], thereby breaking down barriers."
	'So first you have to think to the limit alone.'
	If you listen to something very difficult early in the lecture, and you can't figure it out on your own, then you do group work, there's more incentive to talk to each other about what you don't understand."
	'There's no incentive to discuss things when you're listening to something you can understand on your own, when you're doing group work.'

relevance
	[someone else's point of view].
	[Originality first before co-creation.]
	[Only those who use difficult-to-observe methodologies can feel the effects.]

[(4.3.2.1) Measure and control speed].
	[First, measurements].
 Scrapbox
 　what is
 　What's good about it
 Keichobot: "Experiential Processes and the Creation of Meaning" and Keichobot
 Kozaneba
 　knee-swing (gymnastics)
 　Important Kozane Expansion
 　Why is it good to have both proximity and line

Mind Palace
　VR or Mycla?

Kitaro Nishida's concept of place
Facebook's Past Memories feature
[https://gyazo.com/e500988e39a2f7b3d9e8616aadae4305]

kanji
phonogram
1026 letters at elementary school
Sapir-Whorf hypothesis
neo-Whorf hypothesis
pictograph
You can make letters.

For programmers using multiple artificial languages, it is empirically clear that different languages have different ease of expression

What is distinguished in one language is not distinguished in another.

Temporal memory overflows when using representation techniques with high representation costs.
Bias to choose the lowest cost

[https://gyazo.com/87ea4ea097df5f480d17d75b5a1850ad]

Keichobot, you are missing too much.
Scrapbox
diary
unbearable
Social Triggers
Public/Private
[https://gyazo.com/55757cdb03d750f780ac9a9733c65b8a]
Keichobot
keyword extraction
Output by applying to a template of question text
Estimates "which are the most important keywords" rather than randomly, and selects the highest scoring ones
Prioritize basic 2 questions, aim to develop symbols first at a basic 5-question pace, and ask questions of value when you determine that they are sufficiently developed.
Unleash the relationship question after asking the value question.

One or more people
　This relates to Scrapbox as well.
　The first step is to keep a diary in a private Scrapbox, considering the principle of "one person first".
　　No need to be Scrapbox.
　The author had blogging experience before Scrapbox.
　Axis shift to knowledge that is less likely to become obsolete?
　No. Did it just go viral on social media?

Keichobot doesn't seem to be very voluminous now, so I'll put it in as a column after the Clean Language section on p. 197.
Kozaneba adds a postscript after page 177 and proceeds to say "I actually did the digitization described on p. 176 after the publication of this book.
It would be good to get an explanation of the Kozane method on p.173
	That's after the "omission of steps" in 171, [the Kozane method].
