Dominion 2022-02-22
[https://gyazo.com/f16de808bba0503132d2e63099f06fbd]

More than half of the cards are still new to me, so I'm going to read the card descriptions first.
　University, first time
　　You can get a cost 5 card while increasing the action.
　　This itself requires a potion, which is equivalent to 6 costs
　Female magician, first time
　　Well, the effect of the action card is rewritten.
　　If you have a lot of actions because it turns into a cantrip, there's little real damage, if you're using one important action card, there's going to be a lot of damage.
　　In other words, this is going to tilt against Stero.
　Wise man, first time
　　It searches and draws one card, so it is effectively a cantrip.
　　I'd look for cards with a cost of 3 or more, but after the initial deck disposal, there won't be any such cards.
　　Oh, there's a curse on the supply, which means there are people who spread it -> wrong, there always seems to be.
　Citadel, first time
　　More Action
　　Add it to your hand when you destroy it? What do you mean?
　　I googled it. I see that a discard is a discard, but it's not compressed, and it returns to your hand as a discard such as improved renovation, which lowers the operating cost of renovation-type cards.
　　　It's important to know if those cards are in this supply.
　The butcher. I've heard rumors.
　　+2 financial resources, renovation to add financial resources
　　What? Oh no, it's the citadel's partner!
　　5 Cost. This supply, in general, is expensive.
　Market Cantrip, + Buy
 Seer, first time
 　Cantrip, deck search
 Rogue, I heard rumors that he is strong.
 　+Buy +2 coins
 　Handes in three pieces.
 　Victory points per card purchase, I see. So you get at least 2 victory points for every action because the effect of the card itself buys the mansion?
 Concealed assets, first time view
 　Treasure 2
 　Buy one victory point card and it comes with a gold coin.
 nocturnal assault
 　night card
 　It looks like you can discard one card in your hand, a little restrictive, and you can't discard a victory point.
 　+3 coins
 Events: Specials
 　You can buy something that costs 5 for the cost of 4, but others get a horse.
 Events: Commerce
 　Earn a gold coin for each card that you acquire.
　　Hmmm, I need 5 gold per purchase for that, so I don't have much use for it, I can buy additional gold, but I can get 1 gold cheaper for the situation.

Supply Check
　Action Fortress
　Drow: No, I'd venture to say it's the delayed effect of a female sorceress.
　Purchase Market, no longer
　Compression No, I would venture to say butcher shop renovation effect.
　Highly influential cards
　　Rogue and night raider hundresses, the trouble with the female sorceress's magic.
　No special victory points

consideration
　No, isn't it awful? The university is practically 6 costs, and all it does is high cost. And that high cost action is easily silenced by a female magician.
　There are no draw cards, and the Female Magician's is delayed, so you can't use it like a village blacksmith. If you want to do it, the only way to do it is to make it so that you get 2 draws every turn by making it so that "the female sorceress is always activated" before your opponent.
　The citadel-butcher combo is interesting, but I don't know if it will work to get the two together in a place where there is no proper draw. At any rate, the citadel is a cantrip, so it's safe to ramble it into the deck.
　　But you can't even compress them...
　It's no longer the case that BigMoney may even be the best possibility for this place.
　It is possible to draw a fortress in search of the seer, and then draw more with the fortress.
　summary
　　I can think of a way to ditch the action and make big money, but it's not fun, so I'm going to double as a first-time female magician and go for the fortified butcher shop.
　　Wait, as far as the early stages are concerned, you can certainly pull out a female sorceress with a wise man's search, can't you?

first round (of tennis, etc.)
　First hand, female sorceress, wise man.
　Play wise man, draw female sorceress, nothing for 2 gold, 2 mountains left.
　　Mm, AI bought a butcher with 4 gold using the special price, and then used it to get silenced by a female magician. W bought another butcher, and now it's a two-card configuration.
　4 gold, I was going to do a fortress, but there's also the option of a butcher shop with specials.
　　We could convert the mansion into a fortress, if that's what you want.
　Wise man, horse. Draw female sorceress with wise man. Draw with horse, butcher came. Use the sorceress. 4 gold for the fortress.
　Wise man, butcher, 4 gold. Pull the fortress with the wise man. Destroy the fortress with the butcher. Gain gold. With 4 gold left... I'm torn between the fortress and the butcher. The fortress is a cantrip, so maybe that one. In addition, the reason I don't buy the silver coins is because I'm caught in a wise man's search.
　Fortress for 4 gold. (Buy a market? I thought about it for a minute.)
　 Oops, the other guy just bought the wrong guy...
　Wise men, fortresses. First the wise man, oops, gold coins. After using the fortress, a butcher comes. I use the butcher to fortify the mansion...no, it's a financial resource, so I can save up what I don't use...then the sorceress...5 gold to get gold coins for my business...then the butcher to fortify the mansion....
　3 gold for a female magician. The terminal action on deck now is two women and a butcher, and I'm not sure about buying more, so I'm going to go with a wise man.
　Woman Sage Castle butcher 4 gold. First the sage, gold draw. Since there is a mansion, the fortress is used as a source of action. The butcher turns the mansion into a fortress. Activate the female sorceress and buy the province for 8 gold.
　Castle castle butcher. Butcher to turn the mansion into a butcher shop. 4 gold for the fortress.
　Female Sage Castle Castle. Gold draw at Sage. Use the rest of the gold to get 8 gold for the province.
　Women's Castle butcher shop. Gold coin earned, 3 gold for a wise man.
　Wise men wise men castle castle butcher. Wise man and castle castle butcher. Genshu for 9 gold after acquiring 2 gold coins.
　4 Gold. Market at a special price.
　Female Sage. I'm short on action after pulling a female sorceress with a sage. 6 gold for a gold coin? Let's leave it as a night raid.
　Wise Castle Castle butcher shop, gold coins. I'm losing 2 points with 3 pieces left in the province. I should put a silver coin in the province. I draw with too many fortresses before that, oops, here come the gold coins and the butcher, w. I gain two provinces, a 10-point lead, and buy a wise man for 3 gold.
　5 Gold. Buy a butcher.
　Sage market woman magician. She is a wise woman and pulls night raids.
　A draw at Castle Castle brought a butcher and gold coins. The province was won by winning the province.

In addition, the AI was surprisingly coming to shoot the not-quite-woman-magician.
[https://gyazo.com/2b7c0af962ff98c02cf31ed9df23cb3c][https://gyazo.com/b8b85c145d650852ad3d20ad0352da42]

