Dominion 2022-02-22-3
[https://gyazo.com/73cd3f5307a6ddf298b4321eb278f1eb]
A look back at what should have been done about the 4-player versus, the prophet's curse that made it so terrible.

Guild:Masterpiece 3+
	1 coin/overpayment to get a silver coin
　The masterpiece itself is equivalent to a copper coin; for 5 gold, the card earns 2 silver coins.
　Anti-compression reduces dilution due to victory points

Guild: Square 4
	+1 card +2 You may discard an action/treasure. If you do so, gain 1 Treasure.
　It is not a compression because it is a discard, not a destruction.
　There is no disadvantage to converting copper coins to financial resources because it is a cantrip.

Guild: Butcher 5
	2 Financial Resources. You may discard 1 card from your hand and pay any number of financial resources.
	If discarded, you get a card cost + a card cost in financial resources.

Guild: Prophets 5
	Curse +1 draw for opponent, gold for you

Prosperity:Debt
　Published until a treasure is found, discarded or discarded, and the published bill is discarded.
　[nishio.icon]I had mistakenly thought it was going to be in my hand, but it wasn't.
　Sort by navigator and discard victory point cards.
	　Seaside: Navigator 4 +2 coins Look at the top 5 cards of the deck. Discard all or return them to the top of the deck in any order.
 Xiangxiang: Mine 3 2 Win Advantage/When you discard this card on an opportunity other than the Cleanup Phase, you can reveal it and gain 1 gold coin.
 Renaissance: patron 4 +1 villager +2 coin +1 when exposed to the effect of the coin +1 treasure

Prosperity: City 5
 +1 card/+2 action
 +1 card if there is at least one dead supply
 Buy +1 more coins if you have 2 or more +1 more coins

Prosperity: Contraband 5
	3 coins +1 purchase
	Other players choose one card to ban from purchase.
	We are in trouble with the banning of the genus state. Beneficial to collect combo parts because of +1 purchase.

Prosperity: Mint 5
　Can reveal and duplicate a treasure card in hand. When purchased, the treasures on the field are destroyed.
　If you can buy it for 5 copper coins at the beginning of the game, it will compress it.
　Banks, white gold coins, and fertility horns are also acceptable.

Prosperity: Large Market 6
　+1 card +1 action +1 purchase +2 coins
 If a copper coin is out in the field, it cannot be purchased.
 Market +2 Gold

Prosperity: Bank 7
　+1 coin per treasure
　This itself is also a treasure. If there are two more treasures, it works as a 7-cost gold coin. So the break-even point is whether or not 3 other treasures come along. Dark Age: +3 copper coins for begging.

Prosperity: white gold 9 5-gold
The colony and the set will be added to the supply.
Masonry will be two genus states.

Colonial Field: A game that uses colonial and platinum coins; also called "placro field" from the initials Platinum and Colony.
	The game ends later than in Genshuoba, compression strategies and combo decks become more powerful, and special victory points become weaker.

Supply Check
　+Action: City, Square
　Draw: poor, city after mountain break (2 draws)
　+Buy: Prohibited items, large market
　Compression: poor, debt and destruction of treasures when mint was purchased, butcher
　Highly influential card: the soothsayer!
　Special Victory Points: Colonies.

consideration
　No effective defense cards against the prophet's curse spreading
　　No good draw cards either, I bought it thinking it was the only decent draw card, because I mistakenly thought that two stacks of it would make a city 3 draws, but I was wrong!
　According to [Curse Countermeasure], if you are in a genshu place, you should give up expensive cards such as genshu and buy a gongryu to get to the end of the three mountainous areas.
　　But this time, at the colonial site, there is a winning pathway that involves growing the deck all over again after the curse has made it a terrible deck, which is troubling.
　Will the prophet's gold acquisition and mint replication increase average purchasing power?

We'll put HardAI in a 4-player game.
　First hand, silver coins silver coins
　5 gold, prophet
　Plus 5 gold, put in another prophet? There is going to be an action accident. I don't want to mint silver coins because they are mixed. Is it contraband?
　Prophets, 5 gold in contraband. Further contraband.
　5 gold. Shuffle next so buy a soothsayer.
　Prophets, 4 Gold. Plaza.
　Prohibited items. Gold banned. Prohibited articles, gensets banned.9 Gold. Platinum coins.
　6 gold. Surprisingly, no AI other than me casts curses, there are 24 left. Oh, the masterpiece is dead, mystery. If they don't curse me, I'll buy gold.
　Prophet covered. Contraband, prophet banned. 7 gold, but I'm not sure about the bank, I feel gold coins would be better since they don't increase with draws.
　　AI bought your colony.
　The square is financed by the square and the square is financed by the 4 money.
　7 gold, gold coins.
　Prohibited colonies with contraband. 12 gold. Provinces and squares? 2 gold coins?
　11 money by creating a financial resource in the square. Buy a colony.
　Financial resources in the square. Use 2 prophets. square for 4 gold.
　Contraband x2. contraband and gentry banned. 10 gold so colony with coffers.
　Colony for 13 gold.
　6 gold. I have 28 cards in the pile right after shuffling, so if I buy it, I won't get it back until 6 turns later. Let's buy genshu.
　Financial resources in the square. Prohibited province with contraband. All in all, 9 gold. it looks like the game won't be over in 5 turns, but that said, I'm not sure I can buy a white gold coin and still use it.
　　Mysteriously the AI doesn't curse me so I can buy colonies from time to time, but do I buy platinum coins from here to stretch further?
　　I'd like to learn the art of finishing the game faster. Use your financial resources to buy two public domain cards.
　Square with 4 gold. 2 more cards.
　Financial resources in the square. 6 gold for public domain. The score is 48:51:-2:9.
　Prophets. Prohibited from the province by the contraband; 7 gold for the dukedom + mansion, 52:50.
　　The enemy bought the province.
　Colony at 13 gold 62:56
　 The enemy bought the province62:62
　Prophets, colony at 11 gold. 72:61.
　 deck shuffle
　Financial resources in the square, 2 gold in the mansion, 73:61
　I was banned from the mansion for contraband, mmmm I was thinking of buying 2 for 4 gold.
　　Oh, change the public domain with financial resources!
　Three-mountain cut victory!
　　Wonder why the debt and the masterpieces are dying.

consideration
　I wanted to study a place where the four of us would be in a lot of trouble for casting curses, but the mystery is that the AI doesn't curse.
　　Two weak ones are "cursed 7 masterpiece 7" or "cursed 7 masterpiece 9".
　　Did an early curse leave you unable to buy anything?
[https://gyazo.com/3b7ce2219421f678805e97783193e100]
[https://gyazo.com/713eef0389db53e18f47567c3318e9eb]
　It's a deck that uses a cantrip card with more actions to draw the butcher and discard the curse, in fact, you could discard five cards.
　The fact that my opponent didn't curse me resulted in a deck that was surprisingly not filled with white gold coins and colonies that I could reach.
　Banning contraband is indeed a nuisance, but not that much of a problem because it increases the variety of what you can buy if you have the financial resources to do so.

rematch
　First hand, silver coins silver coins
　5 gold and a prophet
　silver coin
　Predestination, square at 4 gold.
　Contraband at 5 gold
　6 gold for gold
　Contraband at 5 gold
　Square, soothsayer, contraband; 5 gold, soothsayer, shuffle.
　　It's the same development as before.
　Prophets, gold for 6 gold
　Contraband. 10 money, colonies using financial resources.
　Financial resources in the square and the square in 4 money.
　Prophets, contrabands, and 7 gold to use financial resources for the province.
　Prophets, contraband, contraband. Bad ban algorithm, banned mansions and coppers, I wouldn't buy that...12 gold, [- let's see, would you rather have 2 genshū or a colony? You get one more victory point, +2 points, so... I don't know, I'm leading, so let's buy 2 cards and get closer to the garrison end](garrison is 8 gold, not 6 gold).
　　Buy colonies and end
　Square, 8 gold for genus state
　Square, prophet, 4 gold. The deck is 10 cards, and the genus has 3 cards left. The score is 35:32:23:6. Public Domain
　Public domain for 7 gold...oops it died just before. Gold.
　5 gold, city. Shuffle, 29 cards.
 Square, prophet, contraband. 3 gold for the house. 39:36:25
 9 gold and a genus state.
 Square. mansion for 4 gold.
 Colony with 12 gold
 City, prophet, genus state with 8 gold.
 Prohibited contraband, banned province. 9 gold. Colonies using financial resources
 Predestination, mansion with 3 gold
 Plaza Plaza, 10 gold for the genus state, won!
 　79:47:23:6

I'll try to ban the prophets.
　First hand, silver coins silver coins
　plaza
　butcher
　contraband (goods)
　Square, butcher shop to destroy the mansion, contraband. 3 gold for a silver coin.
　Square, square with 4 gold
　Hand: butcher, silver coins silver coins, contraband contraband.
　 Would you buy a white gold coin at 10 gold? Might I be banned? Destroy silver coins at the butcher?
　　Gold coins for contraband at the butcher's. 7 gold 2 coins for white gold in the coffers.
　Square with 4 gold. Shuffle.
　Hand: Square, 4 copper coins; draw a butcher in the square. I turn the copper coins into copper coins at the butcher and keep the coffers. He has 2 gold left. Use the coffers to buy silver coins.
　There are contraband and 10 gold. When I put out the contraband, platinum was banned.13 gold 2 coffers 2 purchases. 2 gold coins.
　Square. 5 gold. Use financial resources to buy gold coins. Shuffle.
　Draw in the square. colony for 11 gold.
　Draw on the square, build up coffers, colonies with 11 gold.
　Contraband. 6 gold 2 financial resources. I have 6 decks left and 6 genus states left, so I'll turn around, buy gold.
　Square, butcher shop, empty disposal of copper coins. 4 gold, use coffers to buy gold coins. Shuffle
　Butcher 10 gold. If you don't use the butcher and use the coffers, you are a colony; if you empty and discard silver coins at the butcher, you are a province. Which is it?
　　The colony is a butcher shop and a gold province, adding 9 gold to its coffers.
　Square square square contraband. I've been banned from borrowing money, isn't there an AI bug, 9 gold 2 financial resources to buy a colony.
　7 Gold. Public domain.
　Square, 6 gold. Public domain. Oh, it's shuffled in, maybe the gold was better.
　7 Gold. Buying a gentry state with financial resources.
　Contraband. 6 gold. The score is 60:52, with 1 gentry remaining, buying a gazetted territory.
　Square, butcher shop, destroying gold coins, genus. Victory 69:54

Hmmm, I feel like I'm getting a good value for my money because of AI's lousy choice of prohibitions on contraband.
