If you're unhappy with the world, change yourself.
>Recently, I've been seeing a lot of people quoting Motoko Kusanagi's line from "Ghost in the Shell sac", "If you are dissatisfied with the world, change yourself. If you don't like it, close your ears and eyes, keep your mouth shut, and live alone.
> That would be the counterpart to the line "I thought what I'd do was, I'd pretend I was one of those deaf-mutes who closed his ears and eyes and kept his mouth shut" quoted by the "laughing man" who came to know of the terrible injustice and crime linked to politics and corporations and accused them of it. This line would be a counterpoint to the "I thought what I'd do, I'd pretend I was one of those deaf-mutes.
> So, the core of the series, "The Laughing Man," would follow that quote with, "Should I?" and then after adding, "Should I?" and being conflicted, you would "stop being silent" and leave the accusation to Motoko. The motoko who told him to "shut up" at the beginning of the series changes here, and that's why it's a prefatory line, the opposite of the message of the piece, isn't it?
https://twitter.com/naoya_fujita/status/1274570498337173507?s=21

>I thought what I'd do was, I'd pretend I was one of those deaf-mutes. That way I wouldn't have to have any goddam stupid useless conversations with anybody. If anybody wanted to tell me something, they'd have to write it on a piece of paper and shove it over to me. They'd get bored as hell doing that after a while, and then I'd be through with having conversations for the rest of my life. Everybody'd think I was just a poor deaf-mute bastard and they'd leave me alone . . . I'd cook all my own food, and later on, if I wanted to get married or something, I'd meet this beautiful girl that was also a deaf-mute and we'd get married. She'd come and live in my cabin with me, and if she wanted to say anything to me, she'd have to write it on a piece of paper, like everybody else
	J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye
	(DeepL)So the idea was to pretend as if I were one of the deaf-mutes. That way, I don't have to waste time talking nonsense with anyone. If someone wants to tell me something, they have to put it on paper and force it on me. Doing that would become increasingly boring, and I would never have to converse with them again for the rest of my life. Everyone will think I am a pathetic deaf-mute and leave me alone ... . I would cook all my own meals, and later, when I wanted to get married, I would meet a beautiful girl who was also deaf-mute, and we would get married. She came to my cabin and lived with me. If she has something to say, write it down on a piece of paper like everyone else.
