Multi-scheme containers and paths
How to organize [multi-scheme] experiences + [containers and paths].

　(Single-level) classification
　　Place in several containers
　　One thing can only be in one container at a time.
　monohiererchical classification
　　Containers can be placed in containers.
　tagging
　　A single item can be placed in multiple containers.
　search (e.g. for someone using a search engine)
　　Pulled from a single container by the relationship "specified word appears".
　　Primitive "[association]" implementation
　Scrapbox
　　I have some conventional ones.
　　 Single-level classification to be placed in a container called "project
　　 Prosecutions from that project.
　　In addition to that, there is a distinctive "link."
　　 People can stock "associations" by explicitly describing "links".
　 　Organizing by Road Metaphor
　 　　= What is connected is near, what is not connected is far
　 　　[phase and proximity]
　 　　Can be organized without clear boundaries.
　 　　In some cases, this is appropriate because [human experience fundamentally has no clear boundaries] ([non-numerical]).
　 Analogy with Containers
　 　There is only one type of link, so it is a "there is only one container" kind of situation.
　 　That's why we have problems.
　 　　Especially when trying to describe an existing "relationship".
　 　Scrapbox implicitly assumes that a "subjective associative relationship of an individual" is expressed by "a set of links"
　 　　So if you put another kind of relationship in there, you lose the container for the individual's subjective associative relationship.
　 　　If you force it in, it will mix.
 　 　If you already have a "relationship you want to express" other than associations and are trying to express it in Scrapbox, you tend to describe the relationship first and make it the main element in Scrapbox, not the associations.
 　 　　In this situation, Scrapbox's advantage of being able to stock subjective associative relationships is experienced in a crushed state.
 　 　　These types of people may be attracted to Notion and Obsidian as "tools that can express various types of relationships.
 　 　Similar to Jiro Kawakita's comment to those who classify cards top-down, "If you do that, you will lose the ideational effect of the KJ method.
 　 　　Of course, there are those who say, "I'm just using it as a wiki, I'm not looking for any conceptual effect or anything like that.
 　 　　　For those people, the lack of side menus and hierarchical trees may seem inconvenient.
　KJ method
　 Sorting by Distance
　 Keep things that might be related close together.
　 Organize without clear boundaries by distance, then bundle the group with an explicit name "nameplate".
　Kozaneba
　 Organize by distance and show relationships by line
