Any Concept is One of Many
[https://gyazo.com/56741d6d0c215057e4a493984b0c0bb8]

[https://gyazo.com/0626eb0bff228f136c625a25b5dd98be]

p.163
Characteristics of Experienced Meaning in New Symbolization
6. ANY CONCEPT IS ONE OF MANY
	From characteristics 1-5, it follows that a newly created aspect of experience will be only one of very many that might have been created ("created"-that is, specified, differentiated, synthesized, and so on) as an aspect of that experience.
	This characteristic of experienced meaning has been already stated, especially in 1 and 5, where it was noted that an experienced meaning is always a multiplicity of aspects that could be created or specified.
	However, all the experienced meanings that function in a creation of a new meaning determine the newly created aspect.
	Hence, it might be thought that only one aspect so determined could result.
	Thus multiplicity might be questioned.
	Yet, all these experiences are themselves multiple in the same sense.
 Very many aspects of them could be specified. Hence, it follows that although what is created is not arbitrary, but a very highly and finely determined product, a very great variety of new aspects might have been created.
	It is speculative to say that if all the interacting experiences were known, the product could be seen to be uniquely determined by them. 
	These experiences themselves are capable of multiple specifications. Hence their possible influence on what is created is also multiple.
	Yet this capacity to be specified in very many various ways functions vitally in the creation of new aspects.
	Our sixth characteristic of experience (as functioning in the creation of new aspects of meaning), should read:
	6(a). Any newly specified aspect of experience (new meaning) is only one of very many that might have been specified (created) from the same given meanings.
	6(b). From 6(a) it follows that any meaning can be seen as only one of the very many aspects of some specified experiences. This means that one can consider any specified meaning as if it were a newly created aspect of the experiences which it specifies. The given specified meaning is not the only way one can refer to or specify these experiences. Any meaning can be viewed as one of many possible meanings “relative to" certain referrable experiences. (*13)


	Another way to express 6 (b) is to say that all specified meanings are metaphoric. ([I. A. Richard]'s discussion exemplifies this very well. *14)
 Any specified meaning is one of many possible creative specifications of some experience. For it many other meanings as a group are functionally equivalent (or seem so, temporarily, for certain purposes-"purposes" being another term like conditions, relevancies, contexts, experiences) (see Chapter VI).

	Another conclusion from 6 is that only after the creation may logical analysis validly set forth the relations, forms, systems, contained in any creation of meaning. Logical analysis can say nothing about kinds of meaning not yet created.
	Therefore, it can say nothing about meanings that might have been created instead of those which were. But much of what follows from a given meaning is due to the peculiarities of how it is specified, not to the experiences. These could have been specified differently. Therefore, the relativity of any specified meaning will always be beyond logical analysis and its products.

13. "Relative" is thus defined as "relative to" certain experiences to
which one can directly refer. Also, "relative" always implies oie
possible meanings (specifications) that refer to the same experience.
14. See the Appendix.


7. ANY EXPERIENCED MEANING CAN (PARTLY) SCHEMATIZE (CREATIVELY DETERMINE) A NEW ASPECT OF ANOTHER EXPERIENCED MEANING
	We have already noted that "other experienced meanings" were involved in the creation of the new aspect. We showed that the new aspect of A can be a relation between A and "others," or it cacnn be related to A by "others," BCDE, the "other experienced meanings," partly determine the nature of this new aspect.
	We didn't consider this determinacy of the "other experiences" under characteristics 4, because any of them could also be taken as A: any of them could be taken as "the" experienced meaning, of which a new aspect is being created. The functioning of the "same" experienced meanings cound have created a new aspect of any of these other experiences. The experienced creating itself could be specified as a creation of an aspect of B or C or D or E, instead of A. We would do this if we tried to show how B functioned in the creation of an aspect of A. This would be done by specifying an aspect of B.
		"How B functioned" means the same as "an aspect of B," since the experienced creating could be specified as a functioning of B only by specifying an aspect of B. Since it was an aspect of A that was actually specified, this didn't occur. We thus never answered the question of how B functions when no aspect of B is specified, either as such, or later when one wants to show that B did function.

	Let us now (characteristic 7) focus on the function of these "other experienced meanings" in partly determining a new aspect of A.
	We will continue to let A stand for the experience whose aspect is being newly created; B, C, D, E will stand for the "other" experiences in interaction with which this creation occurs.
	A, B, C, D, and E are multischematic; that is, they "already" contain an endless number of possible schemes, relations, aspects, capable of being created, specified. 
		Since B functioned when an aspect of A was created in interaction with B, some possible scheme "already" in B can later be seen to have determined the new aspect of A. 
		This scheme can then be separately specified of B or of the new aspect. Let us express this by saying that B can later be seen to have “schematized" the newly created aspect of A.(*15)
		[https://gyazo.com/db8b1c21b086e597ffb466c30b3b2f59]

	For example, we ask: what in A is like B? 
		Or, we ask: what in A could answer question B? We let B determine the aspect of A we seek to create. 
		Of course B doesn't "determine" it fully, because that would just be B, as it stands. We instead seek some new aspect of A that is "already" in A, but that will fit B.
	Many, many experiences (B, C, D, E) function in such a creative act. For example, the "context" is a whole mass of experienced meanings including what we really mean, why we ask, what we will accept as an answer and what not, and the purpose of the inquiry. Any question we ask, as well as many other meanings, all function to help schematize the to-be-created aspect of A that is "like" B or that fits the specifications of problem B. (*16)
	Seventh characteristic of experience (functioning in the creation of new meaning): Any experiened meaning can schematize another experienced meaning, or be schematized by any other experienced meaning.
		[https://gyazo.com/ddf51f929d7d70fe9404cbb80e1c46ed]


