over-subdivision
Chopping pages too finely with Scrapbox and other tools.

[evergreen note should be atomic].
	If the notes are too fragmented, it is difficult to see the connections.

Often assume that a smaller particle size is appropriate than is actually optimal
　For example, when I first created [/dominion], I assumed that "card-by-card pages" were appropriate
	　Example: [/dominion/shining gift].
　　That granularity has its advantages in that thumbnails are displayed for each card and the list on the top page looks cool.
　　Too chopped up as a network of knowledge.
　　When we were done with all the cards for Expansion: Alliance, we felt that it would not be fun to do this for all the expansions.
　　I started writing a "supply" story consisting of 10 cards and it got interesting.
　　	[/dominion/Allies for Beginners]
　　　Talk about what to think about in a situation where 10 cards interact.
　　　The cards are closely interacting.


Isn't it [premature abstraction] to separate what is really connected?

Sentences before subdivision have strong links to the sentences before and after.
　[https://gyazo.com/4e8ae89f2e51476a30d2628249895588]
　You can create a state where both are in your brain by simply moving your gaze without having to click and wait a bit.
 　So "adjacent on page" is a stronger link than a normal link in Scrapbox
　Subdivision breaks up this strong link.
　　They think it's not a good idea to remain disconnected and try to create links between pages.
　　At this time, even though they "do not know the proper link structure in advance," they feel pressure to "link everything now," and end up "making links in a messy way.
　　　For example, create a link between each card and the expansion set that contains it
　　　　Rustic hierarchical link structure
　　It's like trying to classify something when you don't know how to properly classify it, and you end up with a messy classification.
　　　Then, "Don't try to classify them, let's collect them in one place first" and "Don't try to chop them, let's put them on one page first" are also valid on the same principle.

