Third Axis of Learning for New Employees
December 15, 2013 [Facebook https://www.facebook.com/nishiohirokazu/posts/10202262206813121]

I am considering writing a "Let's learn how to learn" type of text for new employees. There are three directions of learning: the first is to delve deeper and deeper into a particular field; the second is to broaden one's horizons into new fields; and the third is very often overlooked. The third is often overlooked. You can't learn by reading books or attending study groups outside the company. (Well, what is it?)
Each person may have his or her own strengths and weaknesses. But it would be good to be aware that there are these three directions, and to avoid being too biased toward any one or neglecting any of them.


Kazuaki Natsuhara
	Output, I guess.
Nishio Hirokazu
	Output is indeed important, but it is necessary when studying in any direction. You cannot know if you understand something unless you output it and verify the results, so output is necessary no matter what you study.

Kazuaki Natsuhara
	Hmmm, so it's an application.
Nishio Hirokazu
	Application" is, in a sense, a close direction.

The first two are easily noticeable because they are broad and versatile, and as a result, the book publishing business is commercially viable, or an event is established with people in demand at an outside study group. On the other hand, there is also knowledge in the world that is less versatile. Are they of inferior value? No, they are not.

Kunio Miyamoto
	Learning with the scene of your own use in mind, right?
	I feel that learning in a similar direction to application, but with more actual use cases, can only be embodied by those who know the use cases.

Nishio Hirokazu
	The "actual use case" is pretty close to what we envisioned.
 Solution: The third axis of learning direction, which cannot be learned from books or outside study groups, is "[Specialization in intra-organizational information]. This applies, for example, to knowledge about source code that has not been disclosed outside the company, internal company relationships, and work procedures.
 	Notation shaking:[Adherence to information within the organization].
 It is not fodder for books or outside study groups, and what you learn will not increase your value in the job market in the short term, nor will it satisfy your need for approval by blogging about it or presenting it at study groups. But without this knowledge, you cannot create value for the existing business running within your organization.
 Even if you think you are specializing in Axis 1 or Axis 2, if you are creating value within your company, you must be unconsciously engaged in activities to learn about the organization-specific knowledge of "internal needs.
 It will be necessary to be aware that there are areas to be learned here and to devote resources to them consciously without neglecting them.

Kunio Miyamoto
	I think it is true that it is rarely considered as an axis.
 However, my sense is that specialization in intra-organizational information can be associated with the first and second axes in about three years.
 This does not mean that we leak intra-organizational information, but rather that we need to know how we came across intra-organizational information (e.g., specialized work methods and rules), analyze and evaluate whether or not such information is objectively appropriate, and then sublimate it to generalized information that does not depend on intra-organizational information. I feel empirically that it takes about that much time to sublimate the information to generalized information that is not based on internal information.
 I'm a slacker who has been working for one company for more than 20 years, but determining whether a rule is specific to an organization can be a clue to what has happened (or failed) in the past in that company, and can be useful material for considering how to prevent such a failure from happening again (or to prevent it from happening again). It can be an effective material for considering how to avoid repeating such failures (to prevent recurrence). Even if it was a retrospective study.
 Often, rules are set up in such a way that one wonders, "Why are these rules so restrictive? It is an excellent seed of business to think about "Why are these rules so tight?" and to ensure that the concerns raised by such backgrounds can be resolved without difficulty (i.e., reducing various costs for maintenance and compliance with the rules). And I recognize that it is a good consultant who can help you do that, and a good solution provider who can provide such a solution.

Nishio Hirokazu
 It is not limited to organizational information, is it, that as the amount of knowledge increases, it becomes easier to find more abstract and universal laws from it. The same is true for learning programming languages, for example.
 I agree that in order to sublimate to generalized information, it is necessary to gather the material for that generalized information, and that takes a certain amount of time. That is why I plan to tell the story that we need to advance our learning in the direction of the third axis as well.
