Projects with strong competition
from [2019 unexplored junior].
Projects with strong competition
	Nishio: It is not healthy for middle and high school students to focus on external factors such as the availability of competing capital when deciding which project to invest their summer in.
	Ishii: Throwing a summer is simply a trigger, and I want to support those who can run beyond it.
	Yasukawa: It is totally possible to notice external factors and pivot during the period

PM Ishii
	>However, if there is a competitor with obvious capital and it is difficult to differentiate yourself from them, it seems that you will have no chance if you do nothing, but will you really continue to do what you are doing? The question of whether they are really going to stay motivated is a natural one. I think the level has risen so high that it has become difficult for projects that are not new at all or that the creators do not have a cause to work on.
		https://twitter.com/kyasbal_1994/status/1126999903765286912
		west end
			>The unexplored juniors do not decide on adoption by consensus or vote of the PMs, but the values of the individual PMs have a great influence and that is a good point. I dare to argue strongly against it to show the diversity of its values. I think it's not healthy to focus on external factors like the availability of competing capital in deciding which project a junior or senior will spend a summer on.
   > The way you point out that "it doesn't look like we're going to win" is implicitly based on the value "we should win," but that value is not shared by all PMs. It is not good to make the subject ambiguous. You should say, "I think like this. It is not good to say "all PMs think so" in a misleading manner.
			https://twitter.com/nishio/status/1127032188015235072
			>I've noticed that I dislike the thought "this theme is likely to be adopted, so let's do it", and I prefer the flow of "I want to do this" first, and then "how can I explain this to the people to get their support". It seems that he feels this way.
   > If there seems to be a unified view, the former trend is likely to occur in an attempt to conform to it. by visualizing that each PM thinks differently, I think it would be good to increase the percentage of PMs who face their own feelings, thinking "each person is different, so there's no point in worrying too much about it".
   https://twitter.com/nishio/status/1127038735248322560
		PM Ishii
			>Opinion of 1PM of course.
   > I would like to support those who can run onward with only the feeling that they can believe in their own products when the reason for their motivation "because I am currently selected for the Junior Unexplored Program" disappears someday.
   >How to stay motivated for the project is a personal and subjective matter.
   >By the way, I know I said capital was only one example. For example, if there was already a large OSS and it was overwhelmingly popular, why create a new one instead of sending PR? The question naturally arises
			https://twitter.com/kyasbal_1994/status/1127038015069495297
		Yaskawa PM
			>I think it's totally possible to notice external factors and pivot during the period, so in my case I'm looking at 'people' rather than 'ideas' 😸 #UnexploredJunior
   > For example, I'm looking to see if you have the ability to make decisions on your own, whether you're going to be resourceful or not, and if you have the technical skills to make your decisions happen 📜👀✅.
			https://twitter.com/yasulab/status/1127041635798224897
		PM Suzuki
			>In my opinion, the U-17 Unexplored Junior is not just a measure for a small number of adopted children. It is more important to let parents, teachers, and educational institutions know that there is an initiative to support children who are good at computers (just like children who are good at studying or sports), which has the effect of creating an environment and atmosphere where elementary, junior high, and high school students can be enthusiastic about development.
   > The "Junior Unexplored" program is also having a tangible effect on society, as it is used as material to persuade parents about their own career paths, such as high school or university, or to change university entrance examinations (Keio and Tokyo Metropolitan Universities are currently giving preferential treatment to students who excel in the Junior Unexplored program).
   > So, thanks to all the applicants and people involved who tweet about Unexplored Junior and talk about it in their daily lives, we are creating an environment and atmosphere where elementary, middle and high school students can be more enthusiastic about development. Thank you very much.
