ex-post facto leadership
When I started writing [Unexplored Emphasizes Spontaneity], it was initially titled "Unexplored, Spontaneity and Leadership," but I felt there were too many topics on one page, so I cut it off.

When we think about "[leadership]," we tend to implicitly assume "a situation where there is more than one person."

However, those who [spontaneously] start a project as [their own thing] and [proceed on their own] will push forward even if there is only one person.

This person becomes a leader of a multi-person project [after the fact] when they see what they have gained as a result of their progress and create followers who arrive.
　Related [First follower makes the leader].

As for this type of "leadership," it has remained the same whether it is one person or multiple people.

Whether a person with this type of leadership actually becomes a leader depends on whether followers emerge.
Often observed behavior of "not actively trying to be a leader". It depends on whether being a leader is beneficial to one's goals.
　There are many different types of people regarding whether or not they want to be a leader.
　　People who actively seek to become leaders by [desire for power
　　People who are bothered by relationships with others and try to be alone, reject followers, and by doing so, consequently "actively behave as if they are not leaders".
　　The type spoken of here is not interested in being or not being a leader, but in achieving their own goals.
　　　When it comes to things you can do alone, it's easier to accomplish without others.
　　　As for things that require more than one person, they can't be accomplished without followers.

relevance
　[Boss/Leader/Engineer]


supplement
　What is commonly referred to as "leadership" varies widely. For example, energizing a person who has been made a member of a team against his or her wishes by an organizational decree and moving him or her in the direction the team should go is also called leadership, which is an ambiguous concept.
