How to give money to unexplored junior
from [mitoujr-mentoring-tips]
How to give money to unexplored junior
　The company will provide financial support for the purchase of goods and services that are useful for the promotion of the project.
　　Not an employment contract; employment contracts with elementary school students are problematic.
　　Some schools prohibit part-time work.
　　Mentors make the decision on whether or not the project is beneficial to the promotion of the project.
			Not verbalized as a rule.
　　　Because the do-or-die decision depends strongly on the content of the project.
　　　For example, a project to create a game can buy a competing game and study it.
　　　　So a mentor who understands the project details will make the decision.
　　It is not a "budget to be digested."
　　　The operating entity, General Incorporated Association Unexplored, is not an organization that operates on a single-year budget, so surplus amounts may be carried over.
　　　So the "budget" is just a "rough estimate of the amount likely to be spent this year.
　　　　I've spent more than I budgeted for.
　　　I have X extra yen in my budget, so I want to buy Y."
　　　　Consider how much benefit Y will bring to the project.
　　　　I would like to donate to the OSS project that has been so good to me."
　　　　　That's good.
　　　　　But it doesn't accelerate the project.
　　　I think the mentor should simply ask, "Can you explain why you spent on this in front of your sponsor with your chest out?"
　　Expenditures that generate benefits outside of the project period are also possible.
　　　Specific example, "10-year domain name contract."
　　　Mentor to decide whether to spend or not.
　　　If the service release is done by the results meeting, I think it's usually OK.
　　　　It is a burden for creators to pay renewal fees every year out of their allowance, and the problem of domain name expiration, which makes it impossible to view the results or turns the site into a pornographic site, is greater than the cost of a 10-year contract.

[Information is shared in real time on what is being purchased].