I'm in agony because I don't know what the right answer is.
Q: I want to know why and how it works to agonize over the right answer.
	Is [truth theory] / [the false dichotomy of beneficial/non-beneficial] relevant?

What is the right answer? What do you mean, "What is not the right answer?" It appears after [mixing them in a jar] at the point where the question "What is the right answer?" is asked.
What specific question is "what is the right answer?" It is necessary to clarify what exactly is considered to be the "correct" answer.

---
What is "correct?"
　　I'll look into the case where I'm using the word "correct."
　[There is no incorrect placement of cards in the KJ method.]
		Suppose you have cards A, B, and C, and you think, "It feels right to stick A and B together and let go of C." Then another person X says, "It would be better to stick B and C together and let go of A. Then another person X says, "It would be better to put B and C together and leave A apart.
  It is not that your placement was incorrect. It is just that you and Mr. X have different subjective views. Even if you are observing the same thing, you and Mr. X have different perspectives and see things differently.
  [nishio.icon] [[Observing the same thing, but from different perspectives and seeing it differently]]

 [Translate textbook formulas into your own symbol system].
  Whether something expressed in a symbol system A is transformed within that symbol form, or whether it is transferred to symbol system B and then transformed
  　I want something that gets me to the right answer fast.
  　When tackling a problem with no correct answer, the wider the search area, the better the chance of reaching the correct answer.
  [nishio.icon] It says "no correct answer" in the sense of "when the correct answer is unknown."

[How do you write a project proposal?]
	There is little harm in writing about what your mentor knows. Rather, it is evidence that you understand them well.
	On the other hand, if the mentor does not know what you did not write because you thought the mentor would know, that is a big loss: the mentor cannot understand your proposal well.
	Where is the proper balance is a difficult question, and there is no right answer. When in doubt, it is safer to write.
　[nishio.icon]This is also "the point where the correct answer is unknown" and the correct answer is the point where utility is maximized

[elaboration for English version (chapters 6 and 7)#5d6f6bebaff09e00009d37fb]
	What constitutes a special resource depends on your environment and the problem you are solving. If you are trying to solve a problem that is close to you, you are most likely a useful source of information yourself. We tend to assume that the correct answer lies outside of ourselves. However, this is incorrect. Instead of exploring only outside of yourself, you need to look at yourself. You need to think of yourself as an important interviewee and carefully ask yourself what you subjectively think of yourself.
	[nishio.icon]I am an important interviewee myself.

[pIntEn Translation completed up to chapter 6].
	This is a technique that assists you in putting into words what is still unspoken within you. If you look outside of you for the right answer, you will never find it.

[How can the ability to abstract be taught?]
	In the context of how we learn, does this mean that we should move away from the idea that there is a structure of correct answers and we learn to get them?

[What separates Wikipedia from Scrapbox is the presence or absence of subjectivity].
	With Wikipedia, there's a sense that we're headed for the "only right answer".
 	We have to be objective and descriptive in our expressions, and evidence is required.
		Scrapbox allows you to mix subjectivity, so it's easy to do "My Idea of Today".

[read more...]
	If you guessed how the author would answer a certain question and got it right, you have emulated the author's thinking!

[Writing is one-dimensional]
　One-dimensional content does not require decision-making about what to read next.
　　Low cost for people tired of making decisions
　　People who think there is a right answer to "what to read next" are confused about the right answer when there are multiple options

[Transcript of BMOT 4th meeting].
For example, the price of a certain commodity goes up. This phenomenon and the phenomenon of a kite flying kite flying. Logically, there is no relationship between them. There is no objective logical connection at all.
In between, we can find subjective similarities, such as "Hey, is this similar? We can find a subjective similarity between the two. First of all, there is no relationship. But what if we were to subjectively find a relationship between the price of a product going up and an octopus flying a kite? As an example. Since this is subjective, there is no objective correct answer, so if I were to venture to find a relationship, I would think about what I could say.
This is subjectively thinking about what would be happening when the kite is going up if it were me.
When a kite flies, the wind blows. The force of the wind makes the kite fly. So what is the equivalent of wind here? When I wonder what it is that blows in the wind that contributes to the increase in the price of a product, I wonder if it is the attention of the customers. If you imagine a wind blowing and a kite flying, what other things can happen at that time? What other things happen before or after the wind blows?
For example, this is really subjective, so there is no correct answer. You may be wondering what the correct answer should be. I think this analogy is subjective, so let's say it is a memory from when I was a child, and the wind was so strong that the string of my kite broke and it flew away. It was too windy. It was too windy.
Then, what does the phenomenon of a kite flying away because the wind is too strong in kite-flying kites mean when we bring it back to our world? What does it mean in terms of products when the attention of the customers is so strong that the price of the product...tears off and flies away?

[Parable of the Lake and the Cup]
If we make it a two-way question, "Will it go up or will it not?" then logically, one is right and one is wrong, so we assume that it is important to choose the right one.
In real-world questions, however, often "it doesn't make much difference which is the right answer". In this case, there is no utility in knowing which is the correct answer.

[Wrong 2]
'Is it this gold axe you dropped? Or is it a silver axe?"
　If you assume you have to choose between a golden axe or a silver axe, then you are "choosing the wrong two."
　The correct answer was "neither, it's an iron axe."

[Testing lowers confidence and increases the percentage of correct answers].

[Preparation for Nada 2021 Lecture]
	What do you associate with the term "how to learn"? A scene with a teacher and students? A process where you have a book of problems, solve them by yourself, and check your answers? In college classes, there is sometimes an exercise called group work. This is an exercise in which students form groups of several people and discuss and create answers to problems among themselves. It is much different from solving a set of problems alone. Also, research is the process of finding an answer that no one else in the world knows yet. It is very different from a problem collection that already has the "right answer".
　In middle and high school, the problems to be solved and the correct answers have already been determined. In the real world, on the other hand, the problems and correct answers are not yet known. How can we learn in this situation?

[Food court metaphor]
>[nishio https://twitter.com/nishio/status/1490884724285648904]: just to add to the confusion, this is not a test, so it is not a "there is an assumed or model solution and if you write it you pass" type of thing, Not at all.
>[nishio https://twitter.com/nishio/status/1490886904782663685]: A proposal itself is a "product" and there is no "right" answer. What determines whether a product is good or bad is whether there are "customers" in the "market" who will respond to the product. Since customers have diverse values, each person reacts differently to the same product.

[Social Security and PoliTech in the Age of 100 Years of Life].
In programming, if you want to realize "what you want to realize," you have no choice but to make progress by repeatedly creating, running, observing the behavior, and correcting it, where no matter what books you read, the correct answer is not written.

[Nada School Saturday Lecture 2014]
When an alumnus speaks at a Saturday class, he/she may often say, "I will tell everyone the right answer that I know.

[Knowledge, Capitalism, and the Technologist Condition]
I understand the feeling of "I need someone to tell me what the right answer is."... Other people's actions are based on other people's goals. Other people's objectives do not necessarily coincide with our own.

There is no right answer.
　It's case by case.
　Because it varies from person to person.
	>To a certain extent, there will be something that you think, "Is it like this?" but nobody can know if it is the right answer. [Nada 2021 Q&A]
