Parable of the Meter in the Mind
[https://gyazo.com/fe6b2d410104b33e7532822a5d6a7920]
There is a meter like this, going up and down. Let's think of this meter as being in the mind.

There is talk in several areas, each with its own expression, to the effect that when judging something, one looks to see if this meter is positive or negative.

1: [Polanyi], who proposed the concept of tacit knowledge, says in his book "[The Dimensions of Tacit Knowledge]. How can we search for something when we don't know what it is we are looking for? He stated that it is because there is a "[sense of] closeness.

2: Based on this, Nishio explained in his book "[An Engineer's Art of Intellectual Production]" that the opposite of "a sense of closeness" is "[a sense of discomfort]," which is the feeling that "this is not right, we are not getting close.

3: Jiro Kawakita introduced the term "[emotion]" as a counterpart to reason in his book "[Idea]". This is because the KJ method is a method of putting into words "what has not yet been put into words," so it is necessary to focus on the senses that have not yet been put into words, rather than relying on words and logic alone. Similar things are explained by words such as "feels familiar," "seems relevant," "feels right," etc.

3-2: Jiro Kawakita also says
> Humans have an ability that is not logical, but something akin to a sense of smell, and this ability is far ahead of reason in sniffing out information that may be necessary. Or maybe it is like this. Many animals, not just humans, have the ability to sense the overall situation surrounding them as a whole. This is a capacity that can be broken down and handled separately as sight, sense of time, smell, touch, and so on. Furthermore, humans and other animals not only exercise these cognitive abilities in parallel and individually, but also perceive as an indivisible whole that is more than the sum of its parts. Correspondingly, a situation exists as a seamless totality.
> When there is a harmonic negotiation between the situation as a whole perceived in this way and the gross cognitive abilities of humans and animals, humans and animals are not particularly conscious of it and perceive it as "normal. When there is disharmony, however, they perceive something "abnormal. They then focus their attention on what seems to be the cause. This may be similar to the sense of smell I have mentioned here.
Jiro Kawakita, "[KJ-ho:] Let Chaos Speak for Itself," p. 223.


4: The concept of "Spark Joy" used by Marie Kondo (Konmari), a tidying consultant, is also closely related. At first glance, it may seem unrelated, since the purpose of using it is not intellectual production but "deciding whether or not to throw something away," but the composition of the concept is the same: focus on the current feeling rather than on verbal reasons (e.g., "it was expensive" or "it is a memento") to make a decision.

What prompted me to write this.
　As for "[I don't know the correct answer]," no one knows what the correct answer is at this point, so we have to look for it by paying attention to "[the feeling that we are getting closer to the correct answer].

Q: Is [felt sense] included here?
 Not included[nishio.icon].
  When you compare a felt sense to other felt senses, there is a feeling of "[fitting]" or "not fitting", which is likened to the ups and downs of a meter.
  Another expression
  　Meters are one-dimensional values that can be positive or negative
  　Felt sense is, for example, the presence of smoke, steam, or clouds in three-dimensional space
  　　in a higher dimensional space that you can't actually see directly.
  　　Often without clear boundaries
  　　Cutting some of this out and giving it a name is "verbalization."
  　So they are completely different things.

