The Paradox of Search
>14. Menon asks how Socrates would explore the subject if he did not know it at all, and under what sort of a prospect, and if he were able to acquire it, how would he confirm it? Socrates pointed out that this is the same argument often brought up by disputants, that man cannot explore what he knows and what he does not know. Menon asks if he does not think that is a well-made argument. Socrates denies it, but begins to talk about the "immortal soul".
>Socrates states that since the soul is immortal and has already seen and learned everything in this world and the next in the process of reincarnation, it is no wonder that it is able to recall them. What people call "exploration" or "learning" is in fact all about "recalling" (recalling theory). He further states that we should not believe in the disputant's favorite argument because it makes us lazy, and that we should believe in this "recall theory" because it inspires us to explore. Mennon asks what "recall" means. Socrates states that he will prove it using Menon's followers. Menon chooses a servant from among his followers.
https://ja.wikipedia.org/wiki/メノン_(Dialogue)

This idea of the "immortal soul" and "exploration and learning is 'remembrance'" would not fit well with modern people[nishio.icon].

Subsequent Flow
　Become aware of your "beliefs".
　I get that feeling of "I don't know."
　Then, "Okay!" then you'll be like.

This "I understand!" was "remembering what I knew in a previous life," Socrates thought, but it is unclear how he learned it in his previous life.
Plato later claimed that he "saw it in the world of [Idea].
If my explanation does not assume the existence of a past life, then "I get it!" is an emotion I feel when I see an explanation that is consistent with my past experience, and just because I "get it" doesn't mean I actually understand it.

>20. Socrates points out that the series of exchanges just now created in him various "thoughts" (speculations) about matters of which the servant should not have known, and that these were clarified by being asked repeatedly. Menon agrees. Socrates pointed out that this is "to take out the knowledge that was in one's mind and recomprehend it," which he called "recalling. Menon agrees. Socrates asks if the servant has ever been taught geometry. Menon denies it.
> 21. Socrates points out that if the servant did not learn it in "this life," then he learned it before the "previous life." Menon agrees. Socrates pointed out that the soul is therefore immortal and knows everything, and that we should strive to encourage, explore, and recall it, even if we think we don't know it. Menon is impressed with what he sees. Socrates does not wish to affirm various things with certainty by means of this theory, but he points out that if one does not know something, it is better to think that one must explore it in this way, so that one will be encouraged, will not be lazy, and will become a better person. Menon agrees.
