Obsidian 2022-06-17
Summary of conversation about [Obsidian

Use locally placed Markdown
　They say it's easy to write plug-ins and extensions.
　There is footnote notation.
　Write metadata at the beginning of the file
　　YAML
　As for writing books to be submitted in Markdown, it seems to be a better fit than using Scrapbox

Use file names as IDs for links
　File names are affected by the file system
 　For example, Unicode normalization differs between operating systems.
 　　This is what causes the muddle to separate and
 　Tight coupling with the file system doesn't seem to make much sense to me from a non-latin alphabet culture.
 　　If portability is important, you should put an abstract layer in between that is independent of the OS and file system.
 　　I understand the benefit of "it's just a local Markdown file, so it's easy to handle with existing tools".
 　　　You're talking about [technology connectivity].
　File name changes involve updating links
　　Just like renaming a page in Scrapbox updates the link to it.
　　Just like when you rename a variable or function in the IDE, all places that use that variable, etc. are updated.
　　　Since this is not just string matching replacement, the system must somehow "understand" the structure in order to achieve this.

The question of whether to put it locally or in the cloud
　have advantages and disadvantages
　　If you put it locally, you can use it even if you can't connect to the service due to service termination, temporary service or line trouble.
　　Placing it in the cloud makes it easy to use on the go or on multiple devices that do not have access to the local environment.
　Personally, I am a Scrapbox user, so I write what comes to mind on my phone while taking a walk, or read on my phone while taking a long bath, lifestyle.

2-hop links
	Scrapbox's [2 hop link].
　　Notice X to Y when there is a link X->A Y->A
　　that pages that mention the same page (=concept) must be related.
　　[https://gyazo.com/237585ee212900fa50076e28b9d95813]
　Is it the same thing as howm two-step access? Different?
　　The behavior of howm was that when you clicked on a link for the keyword X, the search results for the list of occurrences of X were first displayed, and then you could click on it to open the individual file.
　　　I forget if "where X appears" includes just strings or if it is limited to those in link notation.
　　In the case of howm, there is no name as a human-readable identifier uniquely associated with the file
　　　That's what makes it different from Scrapbox and many wikis in the first place.
　　　In Scrapbox, the link is "Page X to Page A," but in howm, Page A does not exist as a file, but is a virtual "list of occurrences of keyword A."
　　　Scrapbox also displays a virtual "page with only a list of related pages" if "Page A" does not exist, which is similar to the behavior of howm
　　　　The term "two-hop link" as used in Scrapbox does not refer to this. It refers to the ability for page Y to appear in the list of pages related to page X

Random Page
　Scrapbox has it, but I don't use it at all either.
　　The project is open to the public, so mentions on social networking sites will trigger maintenance see [social trigger].
　　For projects that can be viewed by others, try setting the sort order in Scrapbox to Date last visited
　　　The trajectory of what [flesh and blood] was interested in and how they followed it," rather than "mechanical randomness with uniform probability," is coming up.

Presentation Mode
　I heard that Obsidian's presentation mode can't be seen and scrolled if it sticks out.
　　It's impossible to use it properly, isn't it?
	It would be nice to be freed from the "one screen" constraints of slides...

Can link to each page of the PDF
　The URL itself that opens in a specific page is a feature not limited to Obsidian
　[Create a URL to open a PDF file on a specific page https://helpx.adobe.com/jp/acrobat/kb/link-html-pdf-page-acrobat.html](Adobe)
　When you look at a PDF page, do you get a link to your notes page that links to that page? →No.
　　That would be very useful for taking reading notes if it were available.
　　Some Scrapbox users import each page of a PDF as a page in Scrapbox and read it while writing and editing
　　　[/masui/active reading].
　　I'm [Kozaneba reading].

Do [Zetterkasten] and Kozaneba share a common concept?
　I think it's a state of similarity [to shove everything into one jar] to equate them.
　The sociologist who invented it, Niklas Luhmann, was born in 1927-1998.
　　Jiro Kawakita, a cultural anthropologist who invented the KJ method, lived from 1920 to 2009, which is roughly the same period.
　　In an era when computers did not yet exist, the attempt to deal with large amounts of qualitative data only converged on a similar solution of "writing on cards".
　　The reason why I write on cards is because that was the only way to achieve "move it later" in the days of pen on paper.
　　The reason why Zetterkasten gave a unique identifier and used it to refer to the card was because the concept of permalinks did not yet exist at that time
　　Their method was born in the 1960s
　　　Wiki was born in 1995.
　　　The wiki now has a human-readable identifier (URL) for each page, and you can create links to other pages from within the text using that human-readable identifier.
