An illustration of the relationship by Jiro Kawakita
They make stickers for relationship display, interesting.
[https://gyazo.com/a96daf3e407892c6fb810cacd2b74ad0]
　[Let the chaos speak] p.135

Photo for OCR, erase later.

Many different varieties of relational lines have been devised so far. For example,
	[https://gyazo.com/4bda5773d0f417cb71cdf90ae16fcab1]

	1: Both are nearly identical.
	2: Both are closely related.
	3: They have an ordinal relationship in terms of causality, occurrence, size, hierarchy, giving/receiving, etc.
	4: The two interact with each other.
	5: The two significantly interact with each other.
	6: They have opposite qualities, opposites, etc.
	7: The relationship that once existed between them has been severed.
	8: The matter A exists, supported by the matter B.
	9: There is a relationship between A and B, but the relationship is ambiguous, unknown, or too complex or delicate.

[https://gyazo.com/c8a65793839430c0e5ba0e85797612e4]




A, B, C, etc. are related as like-kind.
C is also likewise with AD, and in another sense with B and E. These double and triple lines of relationship are the clo
We'll call it a "scircling" circle.
The "relationship line" indicates the existence or non-existence of a relationship, but often does not tell what the nature of the relationship is. (iii) "place" refers to a place
However, if you briefly state the nature of the relationship in a few words along the line of the relationship, the semantic content of the relationship becomes clearer. It is a conjunction
The following is a list of some of the most common examples. For example,
-because of that
- if it suits you
move to a new location and conflict with the proposal.
There is no need to align dimensions for association. The flexibility of the KJ method allows, for example, to relate only islands of the same dimensional height to each other.
It is the absence of such tightness that must be connected by a line. The entire island of the highest dimension and a single ex-labe in the island next to it.
It is not at all inappropriate to connect the two with a single line of relationship. Similarly, it is not at all inappropriate to draw an ordinary birdcage and then add
Cross-circles may be added to the


[Cross Circle]
How to realize Cross Circle in Kozaneba
I would use clone.


[(5.2.5) What is a relationship?]
