Diary 2022-06-25

Saturday
　We talked a lot yesterday at the Unexplored Junior Mentors meeting.
　I'm tempted to go for a walk or something to get my head together, but with a high of 36 degrees, heat stroke is a danger, at least to do it at 1pm.
　What did you want to do with [mitoujr-mentoring-tips]?
　　I'm hoping for more unexplored junior things.
　　We've observed a lot of things over the years, and there's a lot of discussion going on.
　　I want to share this with you.
　　Hopefully sharing will lead to better mentoring for the junior class.
　　Mentors do not have to be elders.
　　　[CoderDojo
　　　　>CoderDojo is a once in a lifetime experience
    > Peer Mentoring between Ninja
    > Mentoring without regard to adults or children
   Do not consider yourself skilled simply because you are an adult with respect to proper mentoring
   　From [There are two types of mentoring
   　Rather, it is undesirable for [authority gradients] to occur due to age; people who are aware of the existence of authority gradients and actively eliminate them are preferred
   　The type of person who tries to use the gradient to move others to do what he/she thinks is good for them is not an appropriate mentor for activities aimed at developing the spontaneity of the junior group.
  My perception of who could be a mentor was much narrower.
　　　When a company conducts a companion project in a CSR manner, employees are mentored as part of their work.
　　　The type of employee who is not allowed to have a second job but can do it if it is non-profit.
　　　　Cases in which you want a place to contribute to society outside of the company
　　　　There are a rather large number of adults who come to CoderDojo
　　　Cases in which parents participate as chaperones for their children
　　　　I hadn't noticed this, but it certainly seems likely.
　　The number of mentors needs to increase if there is going to be an increase in the number of businesses that provide mentoring to juniors in any form in the future.
　Micra
　　A system that can introduce any number of models into the world
　　Differential Backup Mechanism

[Diary 2022-06-24]←Diary 2022-06-25→[Diary 2022-06-26].
100 days ago [Diary 2022-03-17].
1 year ago [Diary 2021-06-25].