Exploratory Net (Fireworks) Study Session
In the previous issue [of the "Let Chaos Speak" study group], I explained that in the 20 years since the "Idea Method", the exploratory net, which is not the "KJ method in the narrow sense", was invented, and Jiro Kawakita began to use the exploratory net to solve about 90% of his daily problems. In this article, we will delve into that "exploratory net.
　2022-07-01

Previous Review
　Jiro Kawakita is best known for his book "[The Idea Method]," but he has also published several books since then, updating his ideas.
　Eleven years later in "[Exploratory Studies of Knowledge]," he delved into better ways of "interviewing" and "exploring" to gather data, saying, "If the quality of the data used as material for the KJ method is poor, the results are irredeemable."
　　You can also find the "Exploration Net" here.
　The KJ method is a compilation book on the KJ method after 20 years: "The KJ method: Letting the chaos speak for itself".
　 The KJ method was created by Jiro Kawakita, a cultural anthropologist, to compile a wide variety of qualitative data collected during his "[work]" or fieldwork.
　 Figured this would help others "work" as well.
　 There are two types of "work": "work" that does not involve judgment and "a task" that does involve judgment.
　 　One "job" to proceed by independently determining what needs to be done.
　 　Work" to do what you are told to do.
　 It is important to accomplish this "one task".
　 　In other words, "judgment" is important.
	 This "judgment" is made after collecting and compiling data and "understanding the situation".
　 In this "situational understanding," it is important to observe data without applying preconceived notions.
　　[Make yourself empty, let the data speak for itself, and put it together].
	　 [https://gyazo.com/e7ef666f2a9f2057d2802e391ee6bb86]
　　The specific methodology of "let the data speak for itself" is the KJ method.
　　As Jiro Kawakita taught the KJ method to many people, he realized the need to improve the front part of the KJ method (=exploration)
　This completes chapters 1-3 (~p.119)
　Chapter 4: A round of narrowly defined KJ method, Chapter 5: Evaluation and public evaluation methods, Chapter 6: Group work on KJ method is skipped.
　Chapter 7: Research Methods, Chapter 8: Exploratory Net Revisited: Practical Application of the KJ Method (p.213 - p.341)

Methods of coverage
　Chapter 7.
　Five principles of exploration (7.2.1 p.216)
　　Tips on collecting qualitative data
 　(7.2.1.1) [from a 360-degree viewing angle].
 　　All data is wrong ([All data is a lie])
 　　　p.70 [facts differ from data].
 　　Even if there are lies and mistakes, gradually contradictions will appear and the truth will come out.
 　(7.2.1.2) Stepping-stone path.
 　　It's not about planning what to cover first.
 　　New data obtained from the interviews will be used to determine the next interviewee.
 　　Image of stepping stones, jump further from where you reached on the first jump
 　(7.2.1.3) Do not miss happenings
 　　Make note of unscheduled events.
 　　If you only collect what you plan to collect, you have a bias to collect only what fits into the frame of mind you were in when you planned it.
 　　[Occasional collecting]
 　(7.2.1.4) Something that's kind of bothering me.
 　　We don't know in advance whether certain information will be useful or not.
	　　> Humans have an ability that is not logical, but something akin to a sense of smell, and this ability is far ahead of reason in sniffing out information that may be necessary. Or maybe it is like this. Many animals, not just humans, have the ability to sense the overall situation surrounding them as a whole. This is a capacity that can be broken down and handled separately as sight, sense of time, smell, touch, and so on. Furthermore, humans and other animals not only exercise these cognitive abilities in parallel and individually, but also perceive as an indivisible whole that is more than the sum of its parts. Correspondingly, a situation exists as a seamless totality.
 	 > When there is a harmonic negotiation between the situation as a whole perceived in this way and the gross cognitive abilities of humans and animals, humans and animals are not particularly conscious of it and perceive it as "normal. When there is disharmony, however, they perceive something "abnormal. They then focus their attention on what seems to be the cause. This may be similar to the sense of smell I have mentioned here.
			p.223
			>It's not a theory, it's something like a sense of smell.
				[metaphor of the meter in the mind].
			It's not strange that animals have this innate "whole-situation cognition" ability.
			Almost all animals, not just humans, become less responsive to repeated input ([habituation] mechanism)
			　Relatively, unfamiliar stimuli are emphasized.
			The acquisition of language has enabled humans to narrow the scope of our thinking, but sometimes we forget to "keep it broad without narrowing it
	　　　[Shadow of a word]
 　(7.2.1.5) Take a qualitative view.
 　　Do not underestimate what is not quantitative.
 　　Especially the left side of W
 　　We must avoid the bias of ignoring what is hard to quantify.
　(7.3.3) Muddy, individual, and feed
　　Just like I would ask, "What exactly?" Just like I would ask "What exactly?
　　[Improved/not improved]
　　　Abstract concepts are seemingly contradictory.
　　　When you gather concrete facts and make observations, you find that it's not a simple "did/wasn't".
　　　Seemingly contradictory things can be integrated.
　　relevance
 		[abstract concepts, bodily sensations, metaphors].
 		　Often [rootless knowledge] occurs when abstract concepts are handled without connecting them to concrete examples.
 		　In the intellectual production techniques of engineers, we expressed that [taking the top of the pyramid] is not what you expect.
		It's hard to get conceptual tit-for-tat when you ask, "What exactly happened?"
		　How can we draw out specific facts?
		　When software user interviews ask "what would you like to see happen?", they are idealistic.
		　In career interviews, "What kind of person are you?" will give you a conceptual story; focus on the facts of what specific actions you have taken.
　(7.3.4) Let them speak freely
　　Listeners and speakers tend to judge on their own that "it's irrelevant."
　　But when people are talking, they're unconsciously following [a network of associations].
　　What may seem like a [digression] to the listener is somehow relevant to the speaker
　　So, even if it is not possible to verbalize why they are connected at this time, it is often possible to see the connection after the fact.
　　The "exploratory net" described below is used as a way to tell what you want to hear.
　(7.3.5) Identification and systematization
　　>Our world and the world around us are, depending on your point of view, continuous. Nature is unbroken. From this unbroken nature, we dare to cut out and take out a single thing by focusing our attention on something. Then, we give each thing a compressed and coherent meaning.
　　 Related: [segmentation].
　　>It is just like making a nameplate using the KJ method. If the compression goes to the extreme, it will end up giving a symbol such as a word or a symbol. In this way, the process of cutting, compressing, and symbolizing is carried out. Then the symbols are assembled and the world is grasped as a meaningful whole. (p.242)
　　This is how you name a piece of the world that is cut out of the world to be a manipulable object.
　　　This is "identification."
　　　Related: [concept handles].
　　　　[I also wrote in my column: [(Column) Naming the Pattern].
　　Coordinate knowledge is easier to retain than discrete fragments
　　　The [hippocampus], which controls [nishio.icon]memory, behaves in the first place by creating a map of the brain corresponding to the surrounding topography, so it is probably easier to remember things positioned in space than to remember fragmentary symbols.
　 　　[Mind Palace] is another memory method that uses it.
　 　　You use the expression "[make a map]."
　　Examples of coordinate knowledge
　　　With regard to the identification of individual monkeys, relationships between monkeys, e.g., which mother's offspring they are, the hierarchy of boss monkeys, preferred foods, etc.
　　　Regarding people, family tree, list of positions
　　　Regarding flora and fauna,
　　　　Illustrated books: This is coordinate knowledge of pre-existing knowledge systems.
　　　　Names used by locals, classifications as locals think of them.
　　　　　This will be found in the fieldwork
　　Coordinate knowledge makes it easier to remember many things and mobilize them as needed = systemization
		>In other words, it is better to systematize. The KJ method is useful for this very purpose, but it is not easy to do this for every single piece of huge amounts of qualitative data. It is not practical. Therefore, as described later, a simple systemization called "Exploratory Net" is also necessary (p.245).
　　　Practical means "time consuming"[nishio.icon].

touchnetting
　Explanation of the specific process of how to conduct interviews
　[https://gyazo.com/00a22a355e6df0c6831728f146e0063c]
　　p.283 There is an exploration net at the top.
　(7.3.6) Dot notes/raku
　 Instead of writing down what the other person said word for word as a sentence, write it down with keywords, symbols, and diagrams.
　(7.3.7) Clearing and piggy banks
　　Dot notes are forgotten over time, so clean them up while the memory is fresh.
　　For example, I'd do fieldwork during the day, and then go back to my room at night to write up what I'd seen and heard.
　　example
　　　[https://gyazo.com/05c0c28e1543de1c56e6485d461e81e5]
　　　p.253
　　This pen and notepad attached to it is called a "piggy bank."
　　Memory lasts longer in this form of chronological order than only individual fragmentary notes.
　　　I remember when we were talking about this."
　　　Because the notes around you will help you remember.
　　　[https://gyazo.com/891ffd09db7be1bd0f05b8ca7ab2a196]
　　　p.251
　　　This is expressed as "[a] line is stronger than a point, and a plane is stronger than a line
　　　The surface is so strong that it's a good idea to create an "exploratory net".
　(7.3.8) Exploration net (fireworks)
　　In one round of the narrowly defined KJ method (Chapter 4), the groups are organized and then spatially arranged as elements of Type A diagramming (p. 123).
　　The exploratory net suddenly makes a spatial arrangement (p. 289).
　　[https://gyazo.com/1774d1af2641ba655a83f27784a3c521]
　　[https://gyazo.com/b70c91c7f28b1073f866baf8dba77b84]
　　〜I think it's hard to understand the explanation with the abstract concept of ~.
　　　I'll explain it in full in the next chapter in the book, and I'll explain it later too.
	　It says something about expressing the relational lines by placing clips because it was a time when there were no computers.
	　　Of course, in this digital age, there's no need to use those physical means.
　　This exploratory net is close to what Nishio usually does, and Jiro Kawakita himself is almost 90% exploratory net.
　　　In "Tuning for [(5.3) Tuning for Working People]" on p. 170-173 of the Engineer's Guide to Intellectual Production, you write, "I did not make a nameplate, but directly arranged the space.
　　　When I wrote this, I still didn't have a firm grasp of the exploratory net.
　　　Now that I think about it, this is almost like reinventing the exploration net.
		Difference from KJ method (p.258)
 		The KJ method is used to converge data
   The exploratory net is a divergent search for new data.
  A similar composition is found in predication.
   p.140 Content Explanation or Stepping Stone to Ideas?
   The latter weaves ideas generated during the storytelling process into the story.
   If you're not reporting on the results of a survey or something, put any ideas that come to mind during the writing process into writing.
  New ideas are generated in the process of converting a two-dimensional illustration into a one-dimensional narrative.
  　[It would be a shame not to put it in writing.]
  　So this is not a convergence phase.
  The first [original KJ method] was focused on how to "converge" a lot of data, but after using it in various ways, it became "the process of doing this is how ideas are born.
  　The loss of "let's stop adding ideas because we're in the convergence phase" as more and more ideas are generated, and more and more are recorded and added.
  　This change in thinking is taking place, so it no longer matches the idea of "the convergence phase on the left side of the W shape is the KJ method" written in the early days, there are now many small W's
　remaining
　　(7.3.9) Talk about writing data on cards for long-term storage.
　　(7.3.10) Talk about picking up data on the assumption that an exploratory net has been created.
　This concludes a large chapter called "How to Interview."

Question 1
 Q: Will exploratory nets provide more data?
 A: No, it's more about exploring the information you already have, so that it sticks in your memory and gives you ideas of where to explore next.
 Q: Do you feel like you look at the data and decide where to go next?
 A: Yes, the five principles of exploration: "follow the stepping stones".

Question 2
　Q: Is there a separation between convergence and divergence in a small W? Are the tools the same, and what you are doing when you diverge is different from what you are doing when you converge?
　A: Jiro Kawakita first created the KJ method as a way to solve this part, which was clearly aimed at "convergence"
　[https://gyazo.com/070ccca7ddcc56b0dc6a4abb4d4ae775]
　　But then, as time goes on, they start using this KJ method component here and there.
　　Then you can't say, "This is a method of convergence."
　Q: Do you use it for divergence?
　　A: It is also used for divergence.
　　It's more like, "If you limit your use to exactly 'to converge,' you'll get less, because the purpose of doing this now is really to converge?" I feel like, "Is the purpose of doing this now really to converge?
　Q: Are you saying that people are not aware of which direction they are working in at a given moment?
　　A: You can be aware of it, but what if a new idea comes up while you are in the middle of a "let's do the convergence phase" activity?
　　Q: Sometimes we do interruptions and divergences, and
　　A: I think you should at least take notes. It would be a waste to forget. However, if you take notes, the amount of data increases, which goes against the direction of convergence.

Question 3
　Q: When you write down on paper what you come up with, what do you mark or otherwise distinguish? Do you not put anything on it because you know what you're doing?
　A: If you want to mark and distinguish, you may do so. There is no rule that says, "Mark and distinguish."
　　I don't, and Jiro Kawakita didn't make any rule that says you have to distinguish between them by marking them.
　Q: For all the "let the facts speak for themselves," don't you ever get mixed up with your own ideas?
　　A: "I thought I was -" is a "fact".
　　(I was dragged into using the word "fact" in my response because the question included the word "fact," but I should have said "data" here, since the correct answer is "'Let the data speak for itself' is not 'let the facts speak for themselves'").
　　Q: That is not sophistry.
　　A: No, no, what the user said in the user interview is not necessarily true in the first place. The basic premise is that "all data is wrong," and qualitative data, e.g., "X" in "Mr. A said X," is not a confirmed fact.
			> (7.2.1.1) From a 360-degree viewing angle
   >All data is wrong ([All data is a lie])
   >p.70 [facts differ from data].
　　　I'm not asking you to collect facts, I'm asking you to collect data, and this part is often misunderstood, but "data" in this case is not only quantitative numerical data, but mainly qualitative data (SEE (7.2.1.5) Take a qualitative view).
　　　For example, if you go to an ethnic minority village and conduct an interview, and Mr. A says "X," that does not mean that such qualitative data is true.
　　Q: Even if it is not true that Mr. A said "X," it is true that "Mr. A said X."
　　A: Yes (wrong here).
　　 And the same goes for "I thought Y" when I saw the illustration of the KJ method that I am creating!
　　 If you are worried about mixing them up, I think you should put a mark to distinguish between them, and if you think it is necessary to distinguish between them, you can do so. Neither I nor Jiro Kawakita feel the need to put a distinguishing mark.
　　Q: I think cultural anthropology says you have to make a clear distinction, but you don't think that distinction is important in this method?
　　A: (In the phase before the KJ method), there is a log of the initial data collection, so it is easy to distinguish whether the data is primary or secondary data.

Question 4
　Q: In the phase of compiling thoughts, is it better to compile data collected from other people or your own thoughts without much distinction, and separate them for the phase of communicating them to others, such as writing a paper or a book?
　A: Of course, making it clear what one's interpretation is when writing a paper or a book is obviously Yes, although I didn't say that because it is too obvious. Data that is clearly interviewed will be written like "this is from what source" when it is actually written, and what is interpreted from that will be written as an interpretation. Writing is a later stage than the KJ method.
　Q: Do you do the KJ method or exploratory nets so that you can do your own interviews and such to figure out "what's going on" with you?
　A: Yes, when we do that grasping phase, if we try to think together about "how to write it in writing later" and so on, the conversation gets mixed up. As to your earlier question, "Wouldn't it be better to separate them?" I mean, we don't have to worry about that in this phase, even though we will eventually create a separate document.

[What are fireworks?]
　Exploration Net alias
　Fireworks because they emanate in all directions from the central theme.
　　Not everything is as it seems, however.
　Historical background has broadened the concept of what is called "fireworks."
　　That's why they're called "exploration nets" or "fireworks."
　　KJ legal ideas applied to various purposes, and because there is a range of purposes, there is also a range of ways to do things.
　　First-timers might get confused.

brief historical background
　It was originally an attempt to improve [brainstorming] by bringing in the KJ method of thinking.
　　The name "[pulse discussion]"
　　During the brainstorming session, make dot notes of your remarks, and after each person first, space them out one by one for everyone.
　　And if you look at it and then brainstorm again, you'll have a better brainstorm.
　　[https://gyazo.com/c9c2aa4b0ba3d20533daa42cdefe6bb5]
　　　p.359
　This will be built into the interview process.
　　The "exploratory net" portion of the "[touch netting]" described above.
　　[https://gyazo.com/00a22a355e6df0c6831728f146e0063c]
　　　p.283
　　The purpose of this is to summarize what was gathered in the interviews
　　"[Lines are stronger than points, surfaces are stronger than lines]."
　　　First it was for the vivid memories.
　　In addition, there were side effects such as knowing which topics to cover more and taking better notes in subsequent interviews.
　　During the multi-day fieldwork, I decided that it would be better to do a KJ-like summary each day, rather than just focusing on collecting data and then trying to summarize it using KJ methods after taking it home.
　　However, it would take too much time to try to follow the KJ process, which later became known as the "narrowly defined KJ method" and was verbalized at this point
　　That's when the rough-and-tumble method of "exploratory netting" was born.
　　　Space allocation suddenly without grouping
　　　Elimination of the rule that "a group has at most five cards."
　　　No need to be rigorous in making the nameplate.
　An exploratory net of divergent thinking is created.
　　As I was doing the above "data compiling" expedition net, I realized that it could also support the process of gathering new data
　　Let's put the theme in the middle, in order to collect data from multiple angles to the theme.
　　This is where it takes on the shape of a fireworks display and is called a "pyrotechnic display.
　　Later, the rough KJ method for the purpose of summarizing was called "[Integrated Fireworks]" and this one, which is created divergently with a theme in the middle, was called "[Exploratory Fireworks]".
　　　Integrated fireworks are not a form of fireworks at all, as they were only called fireworks later.
　　　[https://gyazo.com/aa63ac53d4c235c44c1d3c071904f2fd]
　　　　p.257
  Comparison of exploratory and integrated fireworks (p.301,302)
  　[https://gyazo.com/412d9a54ca5046d82603b205055c4311][https://gyazo.com/f31b28894e416e56100669b5e0de2d2e]
　Later it will be used in isolation from the context of fieldwork.
　　Fireworks are used to think, hence the name "[thinking fireworks]."
　　Write the theme in the middle and write the associations around it.
　　　[nishio.icon]There's a mind map-like quality here.
　　　　While mind maps are written in a tree, thinking fireworks create a dense network
　　It was a time when there was no digital stationery, so the relationship was expressed by placing a paper clip
　　　[https://gyazo.com/621ed31b72739b5b0c162b8b525bb704]
　　　　p.307
question
　Q: Did the word fireworks come about because they spread out from the middle? Why fireworks for integrated type?
　A: The exploration nets were born first, and the ones that spread out from the center of them came to be called fireworks, and not only that, the exploration nets themselves came to be called fireworks
　Q: So you've expanded it?
　A: Yes.
　　Summary [The process of birth of fireworks to think].

What is the difference between the KJ method and the KJ method?
　KJ method and fireworks are twin brothers, says Jiro Kawakita
　There is a difference in use.
　 〜I say ~, but it's hard to tell the difference, especially since the integrated fireworks were in charge of "putting it all together" which the KJ method was in charge of.
　 The claim "divergent thinking has real value" regarding exploratory fireworks and thinking fireworks has a point, but I think the way you explain it is a bit of an interpretation of "divergent" that ultimately fails to convey what you want to convey.
　The components have much in common and differ in the way they are combined.
　　The KJ method is "collect labels, put a front label on them, and bundle them together."
　　　[I say, "It takes more than 100 pieces to really understand the KJ method.
　　　[nishio.icon]I don't understand why they bundle, it's to compress too much data, so I don't understand why they're doing it with a quantity of data that doesn't need compression.
　　　Bundle them into bundles of no more than 10 pieces before spatial arrangement.
　　　　I think you mean [nishio.icon]7±2
　　Fireworks are not bundled, suddenly spatial arrangement
　　　[He says, "I have 30-60 labels for fireworks to think about.
　　　I'm sure it can be more during integrated fireworks, depending on the data gathered from the interviews.
　　　　The technique of "taking out 10 pieces and placing them in space" is used to suddenly place them in space in that state.
　　　　[nishio.icon]In short, the important thing is spatial arrangement (to create a map of coordinate knowledge or cognition), not bundling.
　　　　 The number of sheets had to be reduced because a human being cannot suddenly space 100 sheets.
　　　　 The KJ method was achieved by organizing them into groups and bundling them together with a nameplate.
　　In other words, "what's the difference?" As far as I'm concerned, "There's no need for 'grouping and bundling' because there are fewer pieces".

An approach that makes it usable on a daily basis
　Repeated practice is necessary to master the KJ method
　　But the KJ method is too heavy.
　　　[50 KJ method assumes 10 hours].
　　This is not something working people can practice in their daily lives.
　　One solution is to write daily reports in the form of fireworks [fireworks daily reports].
　　　[Jiro Kawakita says, "Even if you learn only the KJ method, it is difficult to put it into practice every day if you have not mastered the daily fireworks report.
　　Another solution is "thinking fireworks."
　　　Personally, I find this fascinating.
　　　I think it would be confusing to explain the various fireworks with slightly different techniques, so I will focus on "Thinking Fireworks" and explain the detailed procedure from here on.

[fireworks thinking]
　Example: "Thinking Fireworks" done to write a commentary on the above fireworks.
　　[https://gyazo.com/43d86b909cef9aa9d55cf14faf69e989]
	Think of a theme and position it in the w of one job.
	　The purpose of Thinking Fireworks is to think about the problems that arise every day.
	　The objective is to think about it and decide on a Next Action, for example
	　(1) Place the theme in the middle
	　　The theme is not the "problem" itself.
	　　What should we be thinking about now?
	　　　What is Next Action?
	　(2) Consider where the theme corresponds to in the [W-type problem-solving model
	　　To clarify what is to be done after the conclusion is reached
  　Example
  	　Determine the cause of problem X
  	　　→ trying to gather data to determine the situation, C→D
  	　Develop a project strategy
  	　　→ D to E as we are trying to create a concept of how we are going to implement it.
  	　List project issues
  	　　→ If you're trying to list what you think is the problem without any particular data, A
  	　　→If you're trying to put together some data that you've collected, C to D.
  	　Create a description of the fireworks you're thinking about."
  	　　→ D → F because we have the data collected and are trying to figure out how to arrange it.
 Add one piece at a time to create a dense net.
	　(3) Add one piece of each thought.
	　　Space placement as soon as one is added.
	　　The first label always draws a line from the theme.
	　Three principles of spatial arrangement
	　　Position where a line can be drawn between as many labels as possible.
	　　　(Because it was done digitally, lines could be drawn anywhere if they wanted to, and Jiro Kawakita used clips to represent the lines, so there were physical constraints.)
	　　The line can be drawn as short a distance as possible.
	　　Lines crossed as little as possible
	　　[nishio.icon]I interpret these as, in essence, "creating a dense net."
	　Additional Principles of Thinking Fireworks
	　　Not arranging space with the intention of putting it all together.
	　　　At the end of the process, labels are connected to each other by dense lines, but as a whole, a "web" is created that is unorganized.
　Visualize the flow of thought
　　Additional Principles continued
	　　Space arrangement respecting the flow of contemplation
	　　　[nishio.icon]When you associate A with B, it means that you value that line of association.
	　　　　Same with mind maps.
	　　Avoid the Great Ethnic Migration
	　　　[nishio.icon]Because it breaks the flow of ideas that you've just visualized.
	　Actual examples of the state of being in the process of being built
	　　[https://gyazo.com/3d43e6dc97c5b68dafebf7ffb78889b6]
	　　The state of not being 360 degrees to the theme.
　　　What should I add to the blank space on the left - I thought, "What is good?" grew.
			[https://gyazo.com/542f9d281c717af393146c4229a970a8]
　　　So, a policy was born to explain only "thinking fireworks" because a good explanation is a usable explanation, and there is no use in discussing various slightly different methods in detail.
　　(4) Fix the labels when they are all out.
　　　Jiro Kawakita is the image of peeling off the label sticker base and pasting it on.
　　　I take a screenshot of Kozaneba and paste it on my iPad.
　　　Actual examples after getting it all out
　　　[https://gyazo.com/b053f0c0491282bc1996ff188786a86d]
　　　　I don't know which group or whatever, that's right.
　　　If I want to move it in the future, I won't.
　(5) Integrated Diagramming
　　island hopping
　　　Enclose two or three, at most four or five pieces each.
　　　　There can be loners who don't fit in anywhere.
　　　The mindset of searching is important.
　　　　Finding cohesion, not putting it together
　　　　[nishio.icon]The image of a densely connected net that is gradually pinched together
　　Fill in the title along the island groove.
　　　A nameplate in the KJ method
　　　Example of one-step integration
　　　　(I forgot to take screenshots of the different ones I've been putting out, and the ones I've been working on.)
	　　　[https://gyazo.com/c756991a6d7173ec859cc60785073638]
　　Repeat this until you have 5-6 islands.
　　[https://gyazo.com/6ffec910e1f8cf54cc3ffd8895724bb5]
　(6) To judge, make decisions, and take action
　　Mark conclusions to be adopted or new issues to be clarified.
　　Not content with making an illustration
　　　I did this to determine the Next Action for the problem at hand.
　　　If a specific Next Action is identified, we'll do it.
　　　Narrativization, another action
　　　Other examples of Next Actions
　　　　summarize
　　　　　If there is too much information to summarize, use integrated fireworks or KJ method as a next action.
　　　　Fireworks to think differently about new issues that come to light
　　　　　Cases such as when I realized I couldn't do what I was going to do as I was digging into it.
　　　　pinwheel
　　　　　Think about it as you write on this illustration of fireworks.
　impressions
　　By placing labels in 360-degree directions about the theme you put in the middle, you can visualize "I thought I was thinking about a lot of things, but my perspective was too narrow.
　　I'd like to fill a rickety zone, and I'll develop an association with a nearby label.
　　　Very good tool in diversifying your thinking.
　　I made three of them, and the ones I covered from my own thinking were all good.
　　　[Try Thinking Fireworks.]
　　　[Fireworks to think about the commentary of fireworks].
　　　The one I covered from the book description didn't look so good because its structure got in the way.
　　　　[Thinking Fireworks]
　　　It is still important to "think" and "draw from within".

question
　Q: Is "integrative nonsense" a kind of convergence?
　A: (I interpreted it to mean integrated fireworks.) It's a kind of convergence. It is a miscellaneous KJ method.
　Q: The miscellaneous KJ method should be done with fireworks, and
　A: It's an exploratory net before it was named "fireworks.
　Q: Is that integrated fireworks?
　A: Yes。
　Q: Is the operation of creating an island that operation?
　A: Eh, I'm not explaining the procedure for integrated fireworks this time, I left it out because it would be confusing to talk about the detailed differences.
　Q: Now we're talking about "Thinking Fireworks," and then later on there's "Building an Island."
　A: (Yes so far)
　Q: Is that what you call the "messy KJ method"?
　A: No, no. The purpose of Thinking Fireworks is not to "summarize" or "converge" like the KJ method, but to develop divergent thinking and decide on a Next Action. It is OK if an action is decided as a result of the Thinking Fireworks, and the purpose is not for this diagram or structure to be neatly put together.
　　If you've decided on a next action, OK, now you can take that action.
　　In some cases, however, the next action is not decided.
　　I get a lot of thoughts and I feel like I'm losing my grip or I don't know why.
　　If this happens, a "phase of convergence of this" will be necessary.
　　So, you could make it a Next Action to pick up from the labels created by this thinking firework and do KJ method or do integrated fireworks as a miscellaneous KJ method.
　Q: After doing island dodging, the operation to produce the words written in red or orange is "convergence".
　A: Yes
　Q: The goal of the Thinking Fireworks is to create a structure
　A: No, the purpose of fireworks thinking is not to create structure but to determine the next action
　Q: Need structure to decide
　A: It is preferable to be able to grasp the big picture in order to make a decision, and a structure makes it easier to grasp
　　As for the "going with a nameplate is a kind of convergence," yes, it is a "kind of convergence."
　　The KJ method in the narrow sense tries to be quite rigorous in its nameplate making, but it is tedious, time-consuming, and not suitable for working people to use in their daily work in a practical way, so fireworks to think were created.
　Q: Is it "messy" to make these red letters?
　A: Yes, Jiro Kawakita himself wrote, "It is not necessary to be as rigorous as the KJ method of nameplate making.
　　We don't bundle them in the first place.
　　With the KJ method, you have to put a nameplate on it and bundle it, so you can't see what's inside, and you have to write the nameplate well so that you don't have to see what's inside.
　　With fireworks, you don't bundle them, so even if the text on the front cover is a little messy, you don't have to worry about interpreting the meaning because the label of the contents is right next to it.
　Q: I thought it was just a matter of quantity and what you were doing didn't seem much different.
　A: In one of his early books, Jiro Kawakita wrote, "It must be done strictly," which made it too hard for readers to take it seriously, so he reflected on it and created a method that did not require strict adherence.

Kozaneba
　Thinking fireworks is fun, you should try it.
　Maybe we can push "do fireworks to think" as one of the purposes of using Kozaneba.
 I wasn't aware of thinking fireworks when I created Kozaneba, but it was easy to use for thinking fireworks because you can apply lines and confrontation arrows
 Maybe we could develop in a direction that Kozaneba thinks would make it easier to do fireworks.
 Q: Is it separate to make even a net in Kozaneba and put a circle on it?
 A: Yeah, I take a screenshot, put it on my iPad, and circle it with the note tool.
 　I'm wondering if Kozaneba will support you to the point where you can draw free lines.
 　I feel like there's goodness in surrounding it with soft lines.
 　[https://gyazo.com/a82289f2c6815d8c9d7351a46dd216d6]
　　For example, in this example, he wrote a nameplate and drew a line thinking that it is related to "confidence," "proactive," and "you are," which is an expression done because it is a tool that allows you to freely draw anything.
　　Troubling, handwriting has the disadvantage of making it harder to search.
　　No "good tools" have been created yet here.

Unused fragments under ----

How much to write on the label.
　Better look at the physical size.
　No. 4 label" is approximately 40mm x 15mm
　[Jiro Kawakita's example of information granularity].
　How much can you write?

Why Bundle?
　To compress them because the brain can't process them when there are too many of them.
　KJ method
　　Repeat compression until there are less than 10 sheets.
　　[nishio.icon]For example, if you want to compress 5 sheets into 1 sheet, start with 25 sheets, compress once, then 5 sheets and done!
　　　If you start with 125 sheets, you compress one level, 25 sheets, and from there another level, 5 sheets.

[Kozaneba1]
[Kozaneba2]
[Kozaneba3]
[Kozaneba4]
[Kozaneba5]


Symbols of the KJ Method
　I put it in the system around 1970. p.157

KJ method
Expedition Net
20 years
update
Miro
Zoom
Environmental Changes
update

Write as much as comes to mind.
Just keep it close.
Help me reflect on this process later.

Read Books
the form of a reading
Carve on labels and do the KJ method.
Expedition Net
Tends to be a lot of sheets

Divergent fireworks.
We can do the KJ method later.

Image of collecting a lot of labels
Rather, it can be two pieces, Jiro Kawakita explains with two pieces and then says, "It is not always two pieces.
p.126

When the number of sheets is doubled
It's four times harder.

The more you read, the more you forget.
People who can read fast
People reading aloud in their minds.
experience

Kozaneba
I didn't call it the KJ method.

