Walking eyes and airplane eyes
[https://gyazo.com/7827249938e65563fc67d6050d88a446]

 1: The view from the walking eye, for example, looks like this
 　It features a gently curving path, which is why you can't see what's ahead.
 2: A map of the scale of daily life looks like this
 　You know, there's an intersection ahead, there's a post office and a park, and if you go further ahead, you'll find the nearest train station.
 　Red circles, roads and intersections were traced from the actual map
 　　This is the extent of the curvature of the road at the point where the first picture was drawn
 　　Information ignored in the recognition at the scale of this map
 3: The map of the railroad network looks like this
 　In 2, only one station was mentioned.
 　This figure depicts the connections between those stations.
 　The area marked in figure 2 is about the size of a dot on this map.
 　The original of this diagram can be seen by searching for "Osaka Municipal Subway" on Google Maps
 　　So the geographic shape is maintained.
  　If you search for a route map, you will find a diagram that distorts the geographic shape to make it easier to see station connections
  　　Even on the same scale, different things to be expressed will be discarded in different ways.
 4: What you see from the airplane's perspective
 　Sea! Land! Large lakes! Mountains! Cities!
 　If you want to see the original image, you can use Google Maps to see the Kinki area, or search for "Kinki Aerial Photo".
	 　The river is easy to see downstream, but upstream is not so clear.

Related [It would be a shame not to put it in writing].
　>KJ diagramming is like looking at a view from an airplane, and narrating is like landing in a city and taking in the sights.

When you read a text, it is a walking eyeshot. We don't know what will be said in the paragraphs a little further on. It is like a winding road where you cannot see the intersection ahead.
　So a decent book has a well-organized table of contents. It is like a map.
　Reading a book without reading the table of contents is like landing in an unknown tourist area without a map. You can get lost or miss important sights on the right side of the map because you are only looking to the left.

Writing is also from the perspective of a walker. If you start walking haphazardly without a map, you may end up in a place you did not want to go, or you may have to turn around after entering a dead end, which takes a lot of time.
　You may be able to walk without a map in a town you are familiar with, but you cannot do the same in an unknown tourist destination.
　Even if it takes time to prepare a map, if the time lost by getting lost without a map is significant, then preparing a map is a more beneficial use of time.

2022/7/7
In "The Engineer's Art of Intellectual Production," p. 170, he uses the analogy of "a bird's eye view of the whole, and an insect's eye view of the details," which is to focus on the details and move forward steadily.
　Then I saw Jiro Kawakita talking about airplanes, and I thought this analogy was better.
　　Because many people have experienced the viewpoint from an airplane, but few have experienced the viewpoint from a bird.
　The insect side was changed to a "walking perspective" accordingly.
