Interesting" Exploratory Net: Examples
from [Exploration net for "interesting"].
Interesting" Exploratory Net: Examples

2022-08-09
What do I find interesting?
 unexplored junior
 at first
	 Human networking among mentors by working on common themes
 	The human network is also a product
 Human network among creators
 New perspectives brought by creators
 human bug
	 If you understand the bug, you can fix it.
 		but maybe not.
		 Certain bugs can't be helped.
 Intellectual Production
 	Enhancing one's intellectual production capacity with software
[https://gyazo.com/20b70c797644b671573aaacd79c845dc]
	Three disparate branches were created. What is the connection between these?
 Connected.
 	[https://gyazo.com/043016533d9ada6b8ae84d98a9727482]
		In other words, "I can fix bugs when I understand them" is related to "strengthening myself," and the decline in "antenna sensitivity" due to aging is related to the younger creator's perspective being more interesting.

additional idea
 Bugs that make it impossible to accept critical information about you.
 Hardware degradation
 I can't fix it because I can't get the information to fix it.
 Intellectual production through dialogue
  A New Form of Communication
   Scrapbox
   Minecraft
 Remove humans from the dialogue
  Keichobot

[https://gyazo.com/a94eacf4fd0ec235335a39a9e3551045]


The word "Scrapbox" came out of the development of the association.
　Because the communication on Scrapbox that takes place in the well project is interesting.
　　After writing this, I realized that I find Scrapbox interesting regardless of communication in the first place.
　　I guess when it becomes commonplace in his mind, it doesn't come out in words.


How interesting is Minecraft?
　Cooperation on common goals
　Competition is no fun.
　Cooperation on a common goal is also related to the Junior Unexplored.
　　I made this!" Wow!" is good
　　Is the manufacturing group interesting?
　　　[I associate it with "the ideal factory of free and open-mindedness and fun.
　　Freedom and open-mindedness are important
　　　Well, we're not all going to carry out the plan in advance.
　　　It's interesting to see people who can make things on their own make things they like.
　　　Relationship to "Cooperation on Common Goals"
　　　　[Teamwork out of stand-up.
[https://gyazo.com/ad273427abbba97158201eacc61d023b]


What is interesting about Keichobot?
　The symbolic modeling that originated in the first place is interesting.
　　But doing so with humans is expensive.
　　The program can always be used as a substitute.
What's so interesting about Scrapbox?
　Knowledge Network
　Associative Support
　Scrapbox also supports intellectual production through software

[https://gyazo.com/9ebab5a52f20863fcdadfad6f9e2a8ce]

　About the awkwardly enclosed "Kozaneba" and "Thinking Fireworks
　　And that's exactly what I'm spending my time on right now.
　　It should be more verbalized what's interesting.
　　Maybe we'll do it as a new net once we've partitioned it in its current form.
　Lower Right Issue
　　We used to call them "[old people]."
　　　The term is not appropriate because the disease occurs at any age.
　　The metaphor [stinker].
　　The most recent proposal is "metacognitive ataxia."
　　　Metacognition of one's own cognition is broken.

　I still think Kozaneba and fireworks should be developed a little more.
　　Kozaneba was convinced that the KJ method and the Kozane method were beneficial in practice, but the cost of doing it on paper was too high, so he started to convert it to electronic format.
　　　Functions not possible with paper
　　　　Open and close in an instant
　　　　Make the important ones bigger.
　　　　join the lines
　　Fireworks to Think was proposed by Jiro Kawakita himself as a practical application of the KJ method.
　　　Hard to do with physics.
　　　This is also due to the difficulty of "connecting the lines"
　　I'm beginning to understand, I mean, I'm trying to create a "way of thinking for the next 50 years."
　　　Update on Jiro Kawakita's "Idea Method" and "KJ Method
　　　I've written about this story in The Engineer's Guide to Intellectual Production.

[https://gyazo.com/4507a63b22227ff8433703b9478e774e]

Metacognitive ability is also a cognitive ability
[Human Augmentation]
To begin with, the KJ method is a way to get thoughts out of your head.
　Training to recognize thoughts
[https://gyazo.com/2d82dfb76a4e98a0281b33674f7c038b]

I felt like I had it all worked out, so I showed it to people and explained it to them.
　[Interesting" exploratory internet chat 2022-08-10].
　From the conversation, "I want to understand the structure of the system" appeared 180 degrees on the other side of the map.
　	[https://gyazo.com/c5efd7dd470a9d4b0f56567c66a5df73]
　[I associate it with "The future is already here.
		[https://gyazo.com/5f5f2766a1ad3128ab90b57ac93c19c4]
　Jiro Kawakita's policy is to avoid crossing lines as much as possible, but it's getting out of control.
　　What should we do?
　　The principle of "write down your thoughts so you don't have to remember them in your brain" is probably stronger than "it's better if the lines don't cross, let's draw them."
　　　Jiro Kawakita used clips to express relationships, so intersections were difficult to achieve; in Kozaneba, intersections are not a problem, and longer distances are rendered thinner.
　　The purpose of doing this work is "to explore what makes you interesting, to understand and put into words your values
　　I want to understand the structure of the system" that appeared in two places 180 degrees opposite is very important
　　　Don't throw it away just because you can't express yourself well with "the method of expression you are currently using.


[** net completed].
[https://gyazo.com/590035c9cfe53885635d908ec323713c]


---

go island-hopping
　It's hard to draw.
　[https://gyazo.com/a48f52ef34fc37178f0502814d305646]

　[https://gyazo.com/17d749fa6dbc9045088cd63c25961e89]
　　The title is written in a messy handwriting due to the difficulty of writing it, but I'll text it here because it's likely to become unreadable over time.
 　　If the observed facts are different from our current understanding, it's an opportunity for better understanding.
 　　Fresh stimulus you never thought of
 　　I want to understand the world.
 　　The world is changing rapidly and we need to constantly update our understanding.
 　　The future can be made by making something that even one moving person likes.
 　　If you don't create a place to have fun and play with young people, you'll either end up in a senior citizens' club or become a lonely uncle.
 　　I made this!" "Wow! I like a free-spirited and joyful manufacturing group that does
 　　Teamwork arising from stand-up rather than the execution of a preconceived plan
 　　A mechanism to create a human network among mentors by working together toward a common goal
 　　It is interesting to see the human network among creators grow as well.
 　　Aging deteriorates antenna sensitivity and flexibility to accept
 　　I thought if we understood the human bug, we could fix it, but some things can't be helped.
 　　Metacognitive ataxia is a symptom of a broken metacognition of one's own cognition; it cannot be fixed because one cannot understand one's own cognitive defects.
 　　We used to call them "old people," but since they occur regardless of age, we've changed it to "stinkers.
 　　I want to strengthen people's intellectual productivity.
 　　KJ method is a meta-cognitive exercise
 　　Thinking Fireworks is a practical application of the KJ method by Jiro Kawakita, but difficult to do on paper.
 　　Looking over and finding connections = understanding
 　　Update on the way of thinking for the next 50 years, starting with "The Intellectual Production of Engineers."
 　　KJ method and Kozane method are useful but paper is expensive, so we created Kozaneba.
 　　Digitization allows "connecting lines," which is difficult to do with paper.
 　　Good dialogue promotes intellectual production, the method is symbolic modeling, and the tool is Keichobot.
 　　Preparing a human interlocutor is expensive; a program can always be used as a substitute.
 　　A New Form of Communication
 　　Communication in Scrapbox
 　　　Co-edit bullets at the same time
 　　　Asynchronous development
 　　　No boundaries between chat and wiki
 　　Minecraft is a place for collaborative editing of the world
 　　Cooperation for a common goal, not competition for the sake of competition
　The above list, which I wrote by text while looking at the island dori, was more fruitful for me than writing by hand.
　　It may vary from person to person, but at least for me, this way is more productive.
　　I grouped the above nameplates into a large sticky note.
		[https://gyazo.com/7a73e1d5978a9a79e353f77f43cbde9a]

2022-08-12
Island bird level 2
[https://gyazo.com/9160cbe183a8842f382faa8f63338504]
　Want to understand the ever-changing and up-to-date world
　　for this reason
　　Need fresh observation facts that differ from current understanding
　　We must create a place to have fun and play with those who create the future.
　　Human networks are created through cooperative stand-up for common goals, not pre-planning.
　　The software that serves as its infrastructure is a place for collaborative editing that is both synchronous and asynchronous.
　　(There is an omission here.)
　　 Work on the place, not on the person.
　　 Changes in the place trigger activity in others.
　　 There is a "new form of communication" in the form of
　　 This leads to "cooperative stand-up".
　　 Not in the form of "person-to-person communication."
　　 　Connect with Keichobot in terms of
　　 There are benefits to the interaction between people and non-persons.
　　 New information must be more important than existing understanding
　　 　(related to [trade-off between use and exploration])
　　 Skill in integrating how you see things from your perspective with how others see them
　　 　The KJ method is a method of making data speak for itself.
　　 　Data is subjective to each individual and all wrong.
　　 　It's associated with metacognitive ataxia, the belief that the way you see things from your point of view is the right way.
　　 　(likely related to what U-theory describes as [cultivating the social field])
　I want to gain a better understanding by strengthening my intellectual production capacity.
　Methods and tools for understanding need to be improved.
　Clean up in Kozaneba
		[https://gyazo.com/000c86fffbc9452646f579a8d5f9a170]
　　Groups, now 9 in all, are complete! Good as

---

2022-08-15
Narrativize.
　What do I find interesting?"
　After thinking about this question by doing expedition nets (thinking fireworks), I realized that the important keyword is "I want to understand the world".
　I want to understand the world, and when I do, I find it interesting." fits in when you want to explain it in an easy way.
　On the other hand, a closer look reveals that there are two elements in this "wanting to understand the world"
　The first element is "I want to gain a better understanding by strengthening my intellectual production capacity"
 　He believes that the human "ability to understand things" is a skill that can be strengthened.
 　　Better understanding" can be achieved by devising tools and methods
 　　Among people of equal innate ability, more or less "ingenuity in tools and methods" is manifested as a difference in comprehension.
 　　(This "understanding of understanding" sprouted around 2010-06-16 [there are many kinds of knowledge] and grew into a clear belief by 2018-10-05 [why invest in intellectual production techniques].)
 　This "methods and tools for understanding" need to be improved.
 　　I came across the KJ method at a certain point in my life and found it very useful as a "method for understanding information from a bird's eye view.
 　　As I used it for subsequent lecture material preparation, writing, etc., I became more and more convinced that this should be improved.
 　　The environment surrounding human beings has changed dramatically in the past half century, including computers and the Internet. Methods and tools created half a century ago have not been utilized.
 　　There were many wise men in the past, but the post-computer wise man will understand better than the pre-computer wise man, because "among men of equal innate ability, the greater or lesser ingenuity of tools and methods will manifest itself as a difference in understanding.
 　　I am very close to this opportunity. I want to go further and see what I can see.
 　I think the key word is "new form of communication.
 　　This is an area that needs to be explored and clarified further down the road.
 　　Keichobot is a programmed version of the coaching technique of "getting people to talk without telling them what they think," a disruptive innovation with an inexpensive solution of inferior quality where the use of human coaching technicians would be too expensive.
 　　Synchronous asynchronous communication eliminates the boundary between the excitement of synchronous communication and the long-term value of asynchronous communication, what is being done in the Scrapbox of the unexplored junior will bear fruit in five to ten years that is unforeseen at this time, and we want to see it! I want to see it.
 　　　Scrapbox is a great fit with the original concept of the unexplored community of "cooperative stand-up for a common goal, rather than following a pre-planned plan" to create new things.
 　　　The early Unexplored Junior was, for me, "an attempt to reproduce the structures that emerged in the Unexplored Youth alumni community. I think this attempt is producing more than I expected (I wrote about this "understanding of the Unexplored" in 2011 [Unexplored as a Network Formation System]).
 　　　Unexpected gains here lead to another stem about "understanding the world"
 The second element is "I want to understand the ever-changing and up-to-date world
 　The world changes, so to understand it correctly we must constantly update our understanding.
 　To do so, I need a "fresh stimulus" that differs from my current understanding
 　To do this, we must create a place where we can have fun and play with people who are creating new things
　 　The future is not made in a rigid and serious manner, but by those who can make things on their own, who make things out of their own ideas, and by those around them who are amused by them.
　 　It is important to focus on the new things that emerge in such places, and to know and integrate new ways of seeing things from new perspectives, rather than judging only from one's own point of view
　 We need to design these places so that they are interesting to me, but also continue to be interesting to others.

