Name the Nishio's own style.
In 2018, when I wrote [The Intellectual Production of Engineers], I asked, "Why don't you give this intellectual production technique a name like the KJ method?" I was asked.
　I said, "I won't name names."
　Deliberately avoided naming names from the time of writing.
　for some reason
 　This manuscript was written in 2017.
 　　I wrote the book thinking, "The paper method is useful, but it has a number of problems, it needs to be electronic."
			No digital tool had yet satisfied me.
 　　After the writing was done, we started developing digital tools.
	 　　This led to the current [Kozaneba, a digital stationery for organizing thoughts
 　I think in retrospect that at the time I was writing it, I had the feeling that the way I was doing it at the moment was not the finished version.

2022 [KJ Method Study Group @ Loftwork].
	I told him, "Let's make our own style," and "It's good to exchange information about our own style."
	>Q: Might it be easier to distribute/exchange with [name your own style]?
　And I thought, "That's right."
　for some reason
　　>It makes sense to create a [common language] to share within the organization, but as a preliminary step, it might be a good idea to secretly give your methods a personal name ([private language]).
　　>Unnamed concepts are like liquid, elusive and difficult to manipulate
　　>Naming the concept allows us to manipulate it by holding the handle, like coffee in a mug ([metaphor of liquid in a container]).
		The first step before creating a common language is to give a personal name to your method.
		It is easier to manipulate than unnamed concepts
		By naming a concept, you turn that concept into an object that can be manipulated and handled with a handle, like "liquid is in a container."
		This is the story I wrote in [The Art of Intellectual Production of Engineers] p.36 [(Column) Naming the Pattern

	Compare with 2018 decisions
	　Writing in a book with a name" is the equivalent of creating "a common language shared around the world."
	　The 2018 decision "not at the stage of naming names" is "not at the stage of creating a common language."
	　Giving a "private name" as a preliminary step is beneficial

So I gave a tentative name to Nishio's own style.

[** [Presentation Story Construction Method]]
　I literally use it to create the presentation story.
　A mixture of the KJ method and the Kozane method
　Fragments of the story are on sticky notes.
　Related stickies, stickies that can be connected and talked about, are placed close together or connected by lines.
　　Group items that have been determined to be spoken in this order in close proximity so that they can be moved in a single group.
　　　With Kozaneba, you can even fold it up.
　　If you decide to quit, just ungroup.
　　This is an act similar to the stapling of the Kozane Act
　　[https://gyazo.com/3f79670a7f18423e3c645f0effa41bcd][Technology of Intellectual Production] p. 204
　There is a rough "top left starts, bottom right finishes" axis.
　　For example.
　　Self-introduction sticky note is placed in the upper left corner
　　If there is group work after the lecture, the connection to the explanation of the group work will be in the lower right corner.
　　Most of the remaining stickies are arranged according to the connections represented by lines.
　Even if I started out writing out stickies with the intention of including them in a lecture, I gradually realized that it was impossible to make a story that would connect well with these stickies, and I would say, "Let's leave these out this time," or "Let's just use this part as a stand-alone article.
　On the other hand, when the "I want to go from here to here, but it's too big a leap," a sticky note is added to pause the conversation.
　　"What is the connection between these?" [the question] prompts verbalization.
　When building from scratch, a divergent phase around a theme, such as [fireworks to think], may be interspersed first.
　The real value comes when "it can't be used as is, but has a relevant story to tell."
　　Reusable:.
　　 There is a lot of material already written out without having to verbalize it from scratch.
　　 Proximity relationships in the original story are relationships that can also be proximate in the output story
　　What is the case when you can't use it as it is?
　 　When constraints (e.g., audience prerequisite knowledge, presentation time, etc.) change
　 　When some of the content has been updated over time
　　　When [merging multiple stories written by different people
	example
		[Make a short version of the lecture material].
		　The process of converting [KJ Method Study Session @ Loftwork_Lecture Material v1], scheduled for one hour, into [KJ Method Study Session @ Loftwork_Lecture Material v2], scheduled for 30 minutes.

[** [Difficult Sentence Reconstruction Method]]
　I use it to read difficult texts.
　Chop difficult sentences into words.
　　　The word came up here too."
　　　This directive refers to this word."
　　　This word is counterpointed with this word."
　　etc. in a line.
　Difficult sentences are, in the first place, complex network-like knowledge forced down into one-dimensional sentences.
　　Using directives and repetition of the same words to express "links".
　　But it overflows the capacity of the reader's brain, and he can't remember, "Oh, this word was used earlier, which means it's used in this way.
　　This is how the link has been severed and can no longer be restored to its original form.
　You don't have enough brain capacity, so it's better to reconstruct it on the screen instead of trying to reconstruct it in your brain.
	example
 	I used to use it in the process of making [Hua Yan summary].
 		>I saw the article "Computer Graphics, Media Art, Tea Culture, and Zen. When I tweeted that the keyword "Kegon" was not sitting firmly in my mind, Yoichi Ochiai pointed me to "this area," so I read it.
   	[Formation of Chinese Hua Yan through the fusion of the Hua Yan Sutra and Zhuangzi].
		 Process: [Kozaneba: Formation of Chinese Hua Yan by fusion of "Hua Yan Sutra" and "Zhuangzi"].
			 (We called it [Kozaneba reading] at the time.)
		Lectures by Heidegger [on building, living, and thinking] used in the process of reading and understanding
			[Kozaneba:dwell-think]
			I couldn't figure this out when I read it a few times off the top of my head.
			After I finished building the network, I understood each element of the sentence I wanted to understand by following the link "Thinking itself also belongs to living, in the same sense as building, but in a different way" and reading it backwards.

[** [Book Reconstruction Method]]
　I use it to read thick books.
　Sticky note with table of contents, titles of figures, etc.
　　Structuring it.
　　First, the "author-created structure" of the tree structure of the table of contents is reproduced.
　　　Unlike the KJ method from fieldwork, the goal is to internalize the knowledge structure within the author, which is fine.
　　Then we look at "anything that deviates from the tree structure."
　　　A "line across the group" of fireworks to think about.
　　　The fact that it was necessary to write it in such a form means that it is an important concept for the author.
　example
　　I don't know if I have a record that summarizes the process very well.
　　　At the stage where the tree structure of the table of contents was maintained and arranged, I didn't see the benefit of sharing it because "it just changed the look of the table of contents".
　　　The two images at the end of the page [KJ method: Let the chaos speak for itself] are part of the process.
　　　Used behind the scenes to determine where to pick and where to skip explanations in the ["Let the chaos speak for itself" study group].

[** [(Tentative) Kozaneba Law]]
　The above methods were separated by use case
　But I also thought there were more generic things they were doing.
　What to call this is troubling.
　I am developing Kozaneba to make it easier to do my own style, but it feels strange to call it the Kozaneba method.
　　What kind of discomfort?
　　　Kozaneba is a tool, calling the methodology the "Kozaneba method" is like calling it the "fountain pen method" or the "post-it method"
　I can't think of a good name right now, but this is like trying to put on a nameplate before the group is clear, so I'll hold off.
　technique
　　Write it down with a tool that allows you to itemize
　　　I use Scrapbox, but that's because I already use Scrapbox, not because it has to be Scrapbox.
　　　Anything that can be exported on a smartphone, even a simple text editor.
　　　　Why a smart phone: because I often take walks and write things down.
　　　Leave a blank line for large separations.
　　Import into Kozaneba
　　　Kozaneba imports multi-line text as a single kozane for each line when pasted
　　　　Miro should be able to do something similar.
　　　It is important that the tool be capable of 2D placement
　　　Kozane that are in consecutive lines at the time of writing are basically connected by association, so they can be placed in close proximity to each other.
　　　Draw a line when there is a relationship between distant places.
　　　　Now Kozaneba is hard to draw a line between things that are far apart, so you have to draw it closer once you get there.
　　　　I thought this should be improved, but when I observed the work, I was troubled by the fact that many people left things far away from each other on a line, leaving them far away from each other.
　　　　Kozaneba makes it so that the longer the line is, the more transparent it becomes.
  Regarding the enclosure of fireworks
  　I'm usually not very enthusiastic about it.
  　　I group them together as needed.
  　　The group title may be left empty or given at random.
  　　When folding a large number of sheets, make sure to put a title on the folded sheets so that the contents can be identified even if they are folded.
  　　Keep important groups large.
  　　　When the kozane in a group is large, the folded ones are also made to be large.
  　Kozaneba does not have the ability to softly enclose, so it is difficult to do the fireworks properly.
  　　I took a screencap and surrounded it with the iPad's note tool (Notability) when I presented it as a case study this time.
  　　The note tool is whatever I'm used to, as long as I can draw a line over the image.
  　　　Like GoodNotes.
