Poster for the 2022 Year-End Lab Presentation
[What is the KJ method?
　A method made known by Jiro Kawakita's "Idea Method" written in 1967.
　Nishio has used it for many years to prepare his own lecture materials, write, and read heavy books, and finds it a useful method
　I devoted a chapter to explain it in my book "[The Art of Intellectual Production of Engineers]" (I really wanted to write a lot more).

[Kozaneba, a digital stationery to organize your thoughts].
　Digital stationery that is implemented based on Nishio's experience with the KJ method, focusing on features he felt were necessary.
　Nishio personally usually uses Kozaneba because it solved the problem of doing the KJ method using post-its.
　Open source development.

[KJ Method Study Session @ Loftwork]
　We started planning this event at the end of May and held it on Dec. 2.
　Held remotely with Miro+Zoom+Slack, over 40 people
　The PDF file of the related works at this point is more than 50 pages long.

[Scrapbox]
　A wiki with real-time collaborative editing, but different from what many people imagine when they hear the word "wiki".
　　It is a bit different from both, covering areas that span both chat-like real-time communication and wiki-style information stock.
　I took notice in 2017 and have been using it as a personal information stocking place for the next five years.
　I started actively using it for multi-person communication in January of this year, and I think it is a new form of communication and community.
　IPA Unexplored has been used for real-time communication during events since this year.
　One of the ways of groupware in organizations with less than 50 members.

[Keichobot: a chatbot that brings out the best in people and their ideas.]
　A chatbot that prompts humans to verbalize by asking them questions. He also spoke at a presentation late last year.
　Complementary to ChatGPT's "human asking chatbot questions" style, which has been a big hit in recent days.
　As for GPT-3, on which ChatGPT is based, I tried many things around June. The technology is advancing faster than I expected at that time.
　Maybe we should use GPT-3 for Keichobot in the future.

Related to "Unexplored"
　As part of my duties, I'm the managing director of [General Incorporated Association Unexplored].
　I have been accompanying creators under 17 years old for 6 months as a mentor in the [Unexplored Junior] project.
　Explanation of the "unexplored PM" that was discussed yesterday:.
　　When the unexplored project started in 2000, it was named PM, which stands for Program Manager. The historical background is that PM, short for Project Manager, became popular in the world.
　　Now, the name has been changed to "mentor" at Unexplored Junior because we believe it is a misleading term.
　In recent years, the "Unexplored" project, which is a human resource development project, the selected students and others take on the role of "Project Manager and Product Owner" and are responsible for maximizing the value of the project.
　　So to speak, "gifted education for PM/PO personnel".
　Cabinet decision on June 7 this year to expand the number of unexplored projects by about 7 times in 5 years, including this matter, and we are meeting regularly with METI and IPA.
　　Both METI and IPA often lose their memories due to personnel rotations, so they need the memories of people who have been involved for a long time.
