Line drawing UI
How to achieve the use case of drawing a line between two elements and wanting the elements to stay connected even if they are moved.
	Thinking about improving Kozaneba's line drawing UI
	Putting aside for a moment the convenience of internal design, consider what a "line-drawing UI" might look like

Mounting Method 1:.
 Introduce a line-drawing mode
 Clicking on element A and element B draws a line.

Mounting Method 2:.
 Introduce a line-drawing mode
 Pointer down on element A, pointer up on element B to draw a line.

Implementation Method 3:.
 Select multiple elements
　 A context menu appears.
 Select "Draw a line" from the menu.

Implementation Method 4: The
 In the menu of globals, "Add Line."
　A line with null ends is formed.
　Drag and drop it to element A and element B to connect them.

Implementation Method 5: The
 Clicking on element A causes a handle to appear.
 Drag-drop a handle onto element B to draw a line.

About Line Drawing Mode
　If you want to draw a line all together, it's easy to enter the mode.
　If you have to draw a line and move an element frequently, you need to switch modes every time you draw a line and move an element.
　　We need to know which mode we are in.
　　People will draw lines trying to move elements.
　Google Slide is an implementation method 2
  Drag-drop targets handles, not the elements themselves

Mounting method 3
 Current Kozaneba implementation
 The advantage is that the expression is not limited to the relationship between two elements.
 If you draw the line at something close, it's acceptable.
 When trying to draw a line on a distant object or in an intricate arrangement, "select a range" will involve other objects.
 　operational workarounds
 　　Move the target element closer
 　　draw a line
 　　Put it back in its original place.
 　This is troublesome!
 　As I was creating and using the line functions, I realized that these situations were more frequent and troublesome than I had expected.
 　　I've come to believe that the disadvantages outweigh the advantages of multiplying polynomial relationships.

Mounting method 4
 Keynote adds a line when the line button is pressed.
 　No connection to the elements?
 Google Slide also does this when you click on it in "draw a line mode".
 If you define a line as "a line is something that connects elements" because it temporarily creates a "line that leads nowhere", problems arise.
 　Care should be taken when designing

Mounting method 5
　Miro Implementation
　　The current Kozaneba is also the same in that when you click on an element, a context menu appears, so you are "in temporary mode".
 　　I can get the handle out.
　　　The "temporary menuing mode" must switch to "temporary line drawing mode" when the pointer is down on the handle.


relevance
 Can the line be selected?
 　If a line has a hit judgment, the line will take an event when you try to move the element.
	How to erase lines
