Linkographic Evidence for Concurrent Divergent and Convergent Thinking in Creative Design
Linkographic Evidence for Concurrent Divergent and Convergent Thinking in Creative Design
[Gabriela Goldschmidt]

>For a long time, the creativity literature has stressed the role of divergent thinking in creative endeavor. More recently, it has been recognized that convergent thinking also has a role in creativity, and the design literature, which sees design as a creative activity a priori, has largely adopted this view: Divergent and convergent thinking are seen as occurring in cyclic phases within the design process. Neurological evidence suggests that frequent shifts between defocused and focused attention to stimuli in memory activation, which equate divergent and convergent thinking, are a hallmark of creative thinking. In this article, we use linkography to show that the shifts between divergent thinking—forelinking of design moves, and convergent thinking—backlinking of moves, are so frequent that at the cognitive scale they can be seen as occurring concurrently in the ideation phase of creative designing. It is proposed that in assessments of creative potential, shifts between divergent and convergent thinking should be the yardstick instead of, or alongside measurements of divergent thinking.
(DeepL) For a long time, the literature on creativity has emphasized the role of divergent thinking in creative endeavor. More recently, convergent thinking has also been recognized as important in creativity, and design literature, which views design a priori as a creative activity, has largely embraced this idea. Divergent and convergent thinking are considered to occur cyclically in the design process. Neurological evidence suggests that frequent shifts between disengagement and concentration on stimuli in memory activation, which is equivalent to divergent and convergent thinking, is a hallmark of creative thinking. In this paper, we use [linkography] to show that the shift between divergent thinking - forelink to design movement and convergent thinking - backlink to movement is so frequent on the cognitive scale that it is seen to occur simultaneously during the ideation phase of creative design. We propose that the shift between divergent and convergent thinking should be a criterion in the assessment of creativity, either in place of or in parallel with the measurement of divergent thinking.

