Why start early?
from [/villagepump/why start early].
	from [/villagepump/neglect due to familiarity with shura].

In the case of "not starting until the last minute before the deadline," you implicitly assume that "it is not necessary to communicate with others to accomplish the task."[nishio.icon].
 In reality, after starting a large task one pomodoro, you may discover something you need to check with others, such as "Oh, what should I do in this situation? and "what should I do in such a case?
　The time it takes to get a response to an inquiry from someone else will not be shortened, no matter how impatient we are at the deadline.
　　No time to check if it is discovered the day before the deadline.
　Maybe it doesn't happen so much with reports, but with work, if you work on something without checking what you should check, you get a "no, it's totally different, just throw it all out and redo it.
　　And they say it's the worker's fault for not checking.
　　　If you had a week to work on it, they'd say, "You had plenty of time to check it out.
　　　It's the worker's fault for not starting the inquiry because he procrastinated and didn't start until the day before.
　　Of course it's bad enough that the instructions weren't perfect, but it's impossible for a human being to "give perfect instructions in advance with no room for misunderstanding".
　Then I think, "I haven't received a response to my inquiry yet.
　　Since the deadline is still far away, I'm thinking "well, I'll just check back tomorrow", but if this was right before the deadline, it would be incredibly stressful!
　　Others don't react at the rate you expect them to react.
　　Well, this is just a matter of setting a tentative deadline for the next Friday, since the project is due at the end of June [and it will only get harder if we keep putting it off], so if our counterparts are not in sync, we can extend the deadline.

Figure [nishio.icon].
 [https://gyazo.com/bb7e9c0e0c419f54774b70f09b6891ae]

　1: Long-term projects may have a tentative goal, but the path and goal are actually in the dark and not visible at all.
　2: After a bit of progress, "No, there's a wall in the path I planned to take!" Often it becomes
　3: Which way to go?
　　In the case of a project in the dark, if you ask someone else which way to go, they may not know either.
　　If you check the range where you can [move the goal], and you can move it to the red circle but not to the blue circle, then it is reasonable to take the upper path.
　I'm expecting these "unshaped [unexpected failures]" to occur, and I'm sure they will.
　　I'm thinking it will then be a time-consuming process of communicating with others.
　　So, proceed to the point where the obstacle is observed and put the other party in a state of waiting for a response.
　We don't always do this for every project.
　　When we started a project early, we asked ourselves, "Why did we start early?" and here's what I came up with.