Coined based on unshared experience
　Can't [coined words] based on [unshared experience] be explained when asked to [define] or explain their meaning?
 　In cases where "concepts are created by naming what is experienced," and those [concepts] are [defined] by [the experience].
 　If this experience is not something that can be easily shared, it is impossible to convey the definition of the concept
 　Examples of easy sharing
 　　Show them an apple and a tomato and say, "They're both red."
 　Examples not easily shared
 　　A concept found in the differences between each of the three children I raised.
 　　　Difficult to communicate to someone who maybe has no experience in parenting, I don't know.
 　Trouble is, it's hard for "those who've been there" to feel "those who haven't" from now on.
 　　Often perceive what they have acquired through experience as "[the] norm"

relevance
　[Grounding through experience].


[GPT.icon]
	This concept may require a certain understanding, but it is basically correct. Coined terms and concepts based on unshared experiences can be difficult to fully communicate their definitions and meanings.
	Unshared experiences are usually shaped by contexts, situations, backgrounds, and emotional states that are different for each individual. Hence, concepts and coined terms that emerge from such experiences may have clear meaning to those who can share them, but may be difficult to understand for those who do not.
	For example, concepts derived from raising a child are based on a person's experience through parenting, and therefore, a person who has not similarly raised a child will not fully understand the meaning of the concept. Similarly, a term or concept coined from personal trauma or experience may be very meaningful to that person, but may be difficult for others to understand.
	However, there is a possibility that concepts and coined words born from these experiences can be communicated, even if only a little, through words. For example, even if they cannot share their experiences, they can at least partially understand them by providing explanations for the concepts and coined terms, as well as their context and background. And even if those who cannot share their experiences may not fully understand those concepts or coined terms, they may still be able to gain a better understanding of what they have gained through such experiences.