Worldview after LLM
from [Keichobot on ChatGPT]
Worldview after LLM
 [gpt.icon]What would you like to see happen in this conversation?
 [nishio.icon]I want to put into words the worldview that I have dimly seen.
 [gpt.icon]Specifically, what kind of worldview do you envision? Can you tell us about the characteristics and elements of that worldview?
 [nishio.icon]Homo sapiens first began to transmit knowledge by voice. Since voice disappears, knowledge could not be passed on unless people were in the same place at the same time, and the ability of the receiver to understand limited the information that could be passed on into the future.
 [gpt.icon] I see that you are aware of the limitations of using voice to convey knowledge. What new methods of communication do you have in mind to overcome those limitations? And what characteristics do you think those methods would have?
 [nishio.icon]Later, homo sapiens invented writing. This was more expensive than spoken output, but made it possible to communicate information without being in the same place at the same time.
 [gpt.icon]I see, so you are saying that the ability to convey information through the written word has enabled communication that transcends the limitations of time and space. What do you think are the advantages of the written word for you? Also, what do you think are the disadvantages and limitations of information transmission through the written word?
 [nishio.icon]There is the problem of suppression of thinking using concepts that are difficult to express in writing, but we will come back to that in a moment. Written information transmission is already in a state where one homo sapiens cannot receive all the information inherited from the past.
 [gpt.icon]I see, so you are saying that it is no longer possible for one person to receive all the information due to the accumulation of past information. How do you intend to deal with this situation? Also, what do you think about the problem of too much information becoming difficult to select and discard?
 [nishio.icon]That is where search engines were born. It reads more sentences than Homo sapiens can read, accumulates knowledge, and returns knowledge in response to Homo sapiens' requests. In its early form, it could only return pointers to sentences containing strings of characters entered by homo sapiens. It is only in the last few years that both input and output have become natural language.
 [gpt.icon]I see, the creation of search engines has made it easier to retrieve the necessary information from a large amount of information. What do you think are the advantages of this technology for you? What do you think are the advantages of this technology and what challenges do you see for natural language processing search engines?
 [nishio.icon]In the process of writing this, I thought of something else I wrote elsewhere. To sum it up, "what has not yet been put into words" cannot be the target.
 	Related: [work to open up the forest of what has yet to be written].
 [gpt.icon]I see, so if something is not worded, the search engines cannot target it. How do you plan to deal with that? Also, what are your thoughts on methods and approaches for putting the unspoken into words?
 	Related: [what language models can't do]: can't target things that aren't in words
 [nishio.icon]Personally, I have visual thinking before linguistic thinking. In terms of symbolic modeling, there is a space of symbols before language and we experience it with our senses. I think it is the same thing.
 [gpt.icon]I see, so for you, visual thinking precedes linguistic thinking. Also, in terms of symbolic modeling, there is a space of symbols before language, where what is experienced by the five senses is verbalized. What is your opinion on this idea that what is experienced by the five senses exists before language? Also, what are your thoughts on visual thinking and the difficulty of putting into words what is experienced by the five senses?
 [nishio.icon]There is a power to consciously cut and connect the link between the abstract symbols of words and the concrete senses. In human history, however, letterpress printing has brought about a period in which "the cost of reproducing text has decreased while the cost of reproducing figures has remained high. This led to the de facto adoption of a form of expression that "communicates primarily through writing. As a result, the habit of thinking mainly through letters became a habit.
 [gpt.icon]I see that, while it is necessary to consciously switch the link between words and concrete sensations, the lower cost of reproducing letters through letterpress printing has led to the habit of thinking primarily through letters. What is your solution to this situation? Also, what do you see as the best way to balance the concrete senses with the written word?
 [nishio.icon]I think we need to consciously connect the written word to concrete sensations and experiences, not just the written word as it is. Because for many people that is unbalanced and lacking.
 [gpt.icon]I see, so you are saying that it is important to connect text to concrete sensations and experiences. Do you think that for many people, this balance is lacking, and that in order to remedy this, it is necessary to create situations that facilitate access to concrete sensations and experiences? And what do you think are some of the ways in which we can connect concrete sensations and experiences with the written word?
 [nishio.icon]I can't start with abstract words, so I guess I first train myself to express my experiences in words. And then, I take the "tentative verbalization" and brush it up by reviewing it over time.
 [gpt.icon]I see, so you are saying that training to express one's own experiences in words is an important first step in connecting words with concrete sensations and experiences. Do you also believe that by reviewing and brushing up your tentative verbalization over time, you can make it more accurate and expressive? Or do you believe there is another way?
 [nishio.icon]At the moment you first verbalize it, you assume that the expression is sufficient. After a period of time, the working memory disappears, so we reread it and realize that it is difficult to understand or inadequate. It is necessary to develop the ability to notice inadequacies by repeating this process.
 [gpt.icon]I see, so you are saying that it is necessary to read it back after some time, because at the moment you first verbalize it, you may assume that the expression is sufficient. In that case, do you think it is necessary to develop the ability to notice inadequacies by repeating the process of reading it back and realizing it is inadequate? And what do you think are some of the ways in which we can foster the ability to notice inadequacy?
 It's good to have [nishio.icon]people read it. In that sense, it's good to show and interact with the language model. It's the same way I used to practice writing Japanese so that I could go back and forth between Japanese-English and English-Japanese with machine translation. Awareness.
 	Related: [too good at Japanese].
 [gpt.icon]I see, so you are saying that having other people read and interacting with the language model by showing it to them is a good way to develop the ability to notice inadequacies. It also means that you can notice inadequacies in your writing by translating your own writing back into other languages, as in machine translation. Do you believe that by utilizing these methods, you can acquire more accurate and expressive language?

