Projects that fall into the unexplored Jr.
#Unexplored Junior Question Box Q: What do projects that fail have in common? What are the projects that are most likely to fail?
A: I thought it was a difficult question so I asked ChatGPT and they said there are five, so I will look at them one by one (continued)

ChatGPT "1: [Sense of purpose] is not clear: The purpose of Unexplored Junior is to support meaningful projects that contribute to society. Projects are more likely to fall through the cracks if the sense of purpose for the project is not clear or not well explained."
	It depends on the mentor how much emphasis is placed on whether it is a social contribution or not
	If the purpose of the project is unclear, or if it is clear to the applicant but not well explained to the mentor who reads the document, it will be easier to fail.

ChatGPT "2: Unrealistic: Unexplored Juniors are expected to provide solutions to social problems that are technically [feasible] and realistic. Ideas that are impractical or difficult to implement can cause a project to fall through."
	Projects that are novel ideas but not technically feasible will not be selected.
	It depends on the mentor whether the emphasis is on "a solution to a social problem." The emphasis is on "technically feasible. If the explanation here is well written, the mentor will think, "Well, it sure sounds feasible if we do that. If this part is vague, the mentor will say, "How do you plan to realize it? If the explanation here is vague, the mentor will think, "Well, if we do that, we can achieve it.

ChatGPT "3: Technically Immature: The purpose of Unexplored Junior is to support high school students with technical competence... Poorly completed programs or applications, or insufficient solutions to technical problems, can cause a project to fail. It will."
	It does not have to be completed at the application stage.
	Personally, I don't place much importance on technical skills at the start if I can see the potential for fast growth during the adoption period, but that said, the more technical skills you have at the application stage, the more advantageous it is. It is very easy to understand if you have actually created something.

ChatGPT "4: Team members' roles are not clear: Unexplored Juniors are expected to work on projects as a team. Lack of clear division of roles among team members or insufficient cooperation can cause a project to fall through."
	I don't know about this... it could be counterproductive.
	Of course, "Insufficient cooperation among team members" is a negative.
	I see the problem as "clear [role assignments] of team members". Whether this is a good thing or not is questionable. Because you are all students, and unlike working people who do this as a job, your "main job is to study," (continued)
	Compared to a working division of labor team, there is less of a reason for members to stay involved in the project. For example, it could happen that a member is no longer involved in the development of a project during the summer vacation because he or she did not perform well in the first semester. If there are four members, the risk is four times higher than in a one-person project, and if the division of labor is clear at that time, there will be no one in charge.
	I fear that the term "clear division of roles" may not be an appropriate construct. It is important that "no member's contribution to the project is unclear," but the team leader should be willing to fill in for himself if the rest of the team members are missing.

ChatGPT "5: Low market value: unexplored juniors are intended to support technical ideas and projects, but projects with low market value tend to fall through."
	I think that's as different as it gets. w
	ChatGPT "If there is no demand in the market or no advantage over existing products or services, this can cause a project to fall through."
	I think it would be "wow" if we could show market demand at the proposal stage. I don't know of any proposal that does that. I don't think there is.
	Proposals that don't know the difference from the existing ones certainly beg the question, "What's the difference?" I think it is a good idea to explain clearly what the difference is. I think it would be good to explain clearly what the difference is.

Thus, if you have a problem with something that you can't explain from scratch, you can try writing it in ChatGPT and then read it yourself and find something that makes you say, "No, that's not right! If you read it by yourself, you will find something that you think "No, this is wrong! By paying attention to this kind of "[discomfort]", you will find it easier to put your thoughts into words. Please try using ChatGPT!

This is nothing special about AI. There may be mentors who think, "No, that's not true!" There may be mentors who think, "No, that's not right! This would cause a discussion and make everyone's thoughts more organized. By taking a step forward, even if it's a messy one, instead of stepping back and worrying, we have a chance to make it better.

relevance
	[begin messily].

#mitoujr-mentoring-tips
