It's faster to do X.
	I thought I'd ask ChatGPT about a specific question about the concept of "it's faster to do X."
	For example.
		How much is 3/2 in Python? It's faster to try than to look for a description in a paper book.
		When I get an error message, instead of looking for something in a book about the error message, it is faster to just take the "unchanged part" of the error message and Google it. StackOverflow is usually a hit.
			Rather than trying to translate the error message itself, it is better to search for the error message in English, find a good explanation on StackOverflow, and machine translate it.
		On the other hand, certain questions are "It is faster to read the reference manual,
		Certain questions become "this is faster to read the source code.
	A seasoned engineer unconsciously picks and chooses the ones that look good from among many information acquisition options and uses them.
		I realized that there is this ability to predict "which option will return the answer you seek with what degree of probability".
			"The ability to predict "which option will return the answer you seek with what probability" is acquired through experience, so you don't have much confidence in options you don't have much experience with yet, [trade-off between use and search]."

context
	I asked GPT4 about the rationale for the superiority of the barbell portfolio over the ladder portfolio, but he didn't seem to understand much, so I thought, "This would be faster to read a book," he said.
	I've done some light research and I'm wondering if it means that "under conditions where the interest rate on the loan is highly variable, a barbell that is stretched only at both ends performs better than a ladder that is stretched evenly across the entire loan" or "that's because the ladder is not sufficiently diversified against the risk of interest rate fluctuations". I'm not sure if this interpretation is correct or not, but it's quicker to read what he wrote.
	It's not so much "it's faster to do it", but more like "I don't think I can google any more".
	[Chasing the classics and the latest is an anti-fragile strategy.]

https://twitter.com/nishio/status/1636919490247270401
https://twitter.com/nishio/status/1636971380645441536
