Divergence and abstraction in GPT4 in metaphor space and then concretization.
We asked GPT4 to enumerate (1) the contrast (B) between two metaphors in a certain metaphor space, and then abstract (2) the contrast. The abstracted contrast was then applied to different domains and made concrete (3).
[https://gyazo.com/d61ce29ab830644430fa111641e269b1]


　relevance
　　[Symbolic modeling]
　　　A method of mapping the concept of the space of the problem to be solved onto a symbol space (space of metaphors) using a metaphor, clarifying (modeling) the structure in the symbol space, and then inversely mapping it onto the space of the problem.
　　　[https://gyazo.com/28863b337cf8a2f348fc7b89592c56c5]
	   [corresponds, associates, draws back].
 	  [The Intellectual Production of Engineers] p.196
　　[Equivalent transformation theory]
　　　A method of listing solutions in another space where the problem to be solved and the solution verb are common, stripping off the attributes in that space, and then supplementing the attributes in the problem space.
　　　[climb down metaphor].

example

Briefly itemize the differences between the [nishio.icon][nomadic] and agrarian worldviews.
[GPT-4.icon]The following bullet points briefly describe the differences between the worldviews of nomadic and agrarian peoples.
	Lifestyle:.
  Nomadic: Lives on the move, without settling down
  Farmers: settled on the land and engaged in agriculture
	Relationship with Nature:.
  Nomadic: living in harmony with nature and adapting to the environment
  Agrarians: manage and modify nature and exploit the environment
	Food Security:.
  Nomadic: herding, hunting and gathering of livestock
  Farmers: Cultivating and harvesting crops
	Social structure:.
  Nomads: Small, flexible social structures
  Agrarians: large, sedentary social structures
	Relationship to Land:.
  Nomads: use common land
  Agrarians: individual land ownership and cultivation
	Religions & Beliefs:.
  Nomads: Nature and spirit worship common
  Agrarians: Covenants with the gods and belief in agricultural deities are common.
	Culture & Arts: Arts & Culture
  Nomads: oral culture and mobile arts
  Agrarians: sedentary culture and arts such as architecture and earthenware
	Wars & Conflicts:.
  Nomads: Nomadic wars to expand territory and secure resources
  Agrarians: wars to defend fixed territories and resources
As described above, nomads and farmers have different worldviews in terms of their lifestyles, relationship with nature, and methods of securing food.

[nishio.icon]Abstract the difference.
[GPT-4.icon]The differences between nomads and farmers can be abstracted as follows.
	Liquidity vs. Settleness
	Natural symbiosis vs. natural domination
	Co-ownership vs. individual ownership
	Flexible vs. fixed social structures
	Nature versus Agricultural Beliefs
	Oral vs. sedentary culture
	Nomadic wars vs. territorial defense wars
These abstractions allow the differences between nomadic and agrarian peoples to be expressed more succinctly.

[nishio.icon]Embody that abstracted contrast in the realm of how to work in a developed country in an age of AI.
The abstracted contrast between nomads and farmers in the way they work in developed countries in the age of [GPT-4.icon]AI can be concretized as follows.
	Liquidity vs. Settleness
		Remote work and digital nomads (fluidity) vs. fixed hours in the office (sedentary)
	Natural symbiosis vs. natural domination
		Flexible working hours and work style (natural symbiosis) vs. strict working hours and work style (natural domination)
	Co-ownership vs. individual ownership
		Coworking spaces and open offices (sharing principle) vs. individual offices and cubicles (individually owned)
	Flexible vs. fixed social structures
		Flat organizational structure and voluntary team formation (flexible social structure) vs. hierarchical organizational structure and hierarchical relationships (fixed social structure)
	Nature versus Agricultural Beliefs
		Emphasis on creativity and innovation (nature faith) vs. traditional ways of working and processes (agrarian faith)
	Oral vs. sedentary culture
		Flexible communication and feedback culture (oral culture) vs. formal communication and reporting (sedentary culture)
	Nomadic wars vs. territorial defense wars
		Aggressive entry into new markets and sectors (nomadic war) vs. competition and defense in existing markets and sectors (territorial defense war)
These embodiments make it easier to understand the contrast between nomads and agrarians in the realm of how they work in developed countries in the age of AI.






---An aside

[nishio.icon]I think nature in this case is some kind of metaphor, but please explain in a brief bullet point what you are describing.
[GPT-4.icon] In this case, "nature" is a metaphor for the environment and conditions in the working style and organizational culture. Specifically, it refers to the following elements.
	Working environment: physical and psychological conditions of the workplace
	Social culture: the values, customs, and climate of an organization
	Working conditions: working hours, remuneration, labor contract
	Communication styles: ways of exchanging information and communicating
	Organizational structure: hierarchy, division of roles, team organization
	Growth and change: personal and organizational evolution, innovation and adaptability to the market
The use of nomadic and agrarian metaphors illustrates different approaches and values in working and organizational culture.

[Parallel Careers and Nomads]

[nishio.icon]I heard an episode about nomads not feeling shame in running away. Give a brief, bullet-point description of what you think about "running away.
Regarding [GPT-4.icon] "escape," the following is a brief bulleted list of ideas.
	SITUATION: If fleeing is the best option, it is accepted as an appropriate decision.
	Risk Management: It is important to ensure your own and others' safety by fleeing and avoiding unnecessary risks.
	Flexibility: The flexibility to choose to flee when the situation calls for it will lead to finding new opportunities and directions.
	Learning Opportunity: By fleeing, we can learn from our mistakes and develop the ability to face similar situations in the future.
	Self-protection: sometimes running away is a necessary choice to protect one's mental and physical health and relationships.
While the approach to "running away" varies depending on the situation and objectives, it is important to view it in terms of appropriate decision-making, risk management, and flexibility.

Related: [Agrarian Bias Blamed for Running Away].

Reference.
　https://twitter.com/kazobara/status/1639055273334804480?s=46&t=gkSZtjGEtUZPO0JCzBxCBw

Very summary expression: [abstract and take it].
