Let GPT4 do the paragraph writing.
original
 Let's have GPT4 for Paragraph Writing.
 The sender should not be tasked with bridging the knowledge gap between the sender and receiver of information.
 Costs should be paid by beneficiaries

(computer) prompt
　Compose a sentence with each line of the following sentences as the opening line of a paragraph

output (e.g. of dynamo)
	Let GPT4 do your paragraph writing GPT4 is a sophisticated language model that allows you to efficiently generate sophisticated sentences. As such, it is increasingly being used as a writing aid in business and education, and by utilizing GPT4, you will save time and produce high quality writing.
 The sender should not be tasked with bridging the knowledge gap between the sender and receiver of information. Although the sender plays a role in providing information, he or she should not assume the responsibility of processing the information into a form that the recipient can understand. The recipient should use his or her own knowledge and skills to digest the information and, if necessary, ask questions or conduct research to gain a better understanding.
 Costs should be paid by the beneficiary. Companies and individuals who provide services and products generally charge costs to the customers who receive the value of those services and products. When beneficiaries bear the costs, service providers are able to maintain and improve their resources and provide further value to their customers. This is a fundamental principle of a sustainable business model and creates a fair relationship for both parties.

(computer) prompt
　Update the first sentence of the paragraph. Make sure it is a good summary of the paragraph's content, and that it makes sense if you only read the first sentence of the paragraph.

output (e.g. of dynamo)
	The GPT4 allows for efficient writing. The recipients themselves should strive to understand the information, and the sender should not even play that role. In addition, the cost of services and products should be borne by the beneficiaries.

(computer) prompt
	Make it a paragraph.

output (e.g. of dynamo)
	GPT4 allows for efficient writing. This means time savings and quality writing in business and education. In addition, the recipients themselves should strive to understand the information, and the sender should not even play that role. Therefore, recipients should use their own knowledge and skills to digest information, ask questions, and conduct research to gain a better understanding. Furthermore, the cost of the service or product should be borne by the recipient. By following this principle, service providers will be able to maintain and improve their resources and provide additional value to their customers. This is a fundamental principle of a sustainable business model, which creates a fair relationship for both parties.

Hmmm, maybe I need to get a little more creative!
