Mapping Scrapbox rows to Kozane in Kozaneba
Mapping [Scrapbox rows] to [Kozane in Kozaneba

from [/villagepump/2023/03/23]
	[/blu3mo-public/Scrapbox can manage information according to the structure that the language has].
　　Consider mapping a line in Scrapbox to a Kozane in Kozaneba.
　　The rows are placed in close proximity and the kozane is placed in close proximity to each other.
　　Bullet-pointing a child is more clearly stating "related" than simply putting them close together.
　　　What meaning you give to the bullet points varies from person to person, and even within a single person, it's shaky.
　　　Just like there are many different ways to place Kozaneba's "place it near".
　　　Everyone is kind of in the mood.
　　A collection of fragments
 　　In Scrapbox, a collection of lines is called a page and can be titled
 　　　In fact, it would be afforded to decide on the title first.
 　　　Well, it can be changed later.
　　　Kozaneba allows grouping and titling
　　Title.
　　　Scrapbox allows links to be made from within a line using a title.
　　　　The connection between the compressed expression "title" and the expanded expression "page" is expressed in the form of an HTTP-like link.
　　　In Kozaneba...
　　　 I can draw lines and arrows from the kozane to the group.
　　　 Compression and expansion expressions can be switched, but only one of them
　　　 Hmmm, room for improvement.
　　Links between fragments
　　　In Scrapbox, this is realized in the form of line links
　　　　Not human friendly as it appears in the form of "Page Title and ID
　　　In Kozaneba you can draw a line
　Kozaneba has been used as a temporary workspace to get your head out of the clouds.
　　On paper, the limit is about 300 sheets.
　　We will never handle such a large volume, so 2000 pieces is still the limit in the system.
　　If the above discussion is executed as it is, there will be "as many kozane as the number of lines that exist in Scrapbox".
　　　Oh, shit.

When this happens [I want to search other people's Scrapboxes for vectors too].