Search "in" Scrapbox

[GPT-4.icon]
	To solve the Scrapbox problem, utilize ChatGPT and vector searches to provide relevant information in a database that includes your own Scrapbox.
 Summary: The
 	Problems with mechanically pouring pages into Scrapbox
 		The list of cards in order of update on the top page becomes difficult to see.
 		Difficult to utilize
 	solution
 		Import with old date and time to avoid top page contamination
 		Positive effects of search
 	Vector search: search without keywords
 	ChatGPT Advantage: Machine summarizes relevant articles
 	Scrapbox ChatGPT Connector Usage: AI provides relevant pages and summaries
 	Search for: databases that include not only your own Scrapbox, but also other blogs and books
 	Change in search method: from searching by question to searching the database on a single page in your Scrapbox.

from [/villagepump/2023/03/31]
 The argument that mechanically pouring pages into Scrapbox makes it a garbage dump.
 　Yes, it is true that it is not good if what you have poured in is displayed in the list of cards in the order of update on the top page.
 　But importing old articles with old dates and times doesn't pollute the top page.
　 It's a positive effect because it's a hit when searching.
 So far, "Considerations to date."
 By [Vector Search
 　Search by "current writing" without explicitly specifying keywords.
   This alone is no different than a "related article recommendation".
 ChatGPT allows "a machine to read and summarize that relevant article instead of a human reading it".
  Isn't this the great part?
 In other words, it would solve the problem of "mechanically poured content is difficult to utilize afterwards because it is not linked to associations.
 I think it's a mistake to focus on the "you'll be able to ask questions" aspect of the [Scrapbox ChatGPT Connector], rather it's better to use it as "the AI will add 'pages that seem relevant' or 'summaries' or 'why you think it's relevant' to the pages you write in Scrapbox". It is better to use Scrapbox in the following way.
 It is not necessary that this search target be your Scrapbox.
 　Or blog posts from people who blog on other services.
 　Books and stuff.
 To organize it, the form is from "searching 'my Scrapbox' by 'question text'" to "searching 'a page of my Scrapbox' by 'a database that includes things other than my own'".
		[I want to search other people's Scrapboxes for vectors.]
