Leverage memo organization
from [Hatena2009-03-11]
Organizing notebooks. I have further condensed Dramatic One Paper, Growth Strategies for 30 Year Olds and Associates 2007/04, TIME HACKS! I have also condensed the Leverage Memo from Leverage Reading into one page of A4. Moreover, there is quite a bit of overlap between the different books. The book is still written here, but I decided to remove it from the notebook.

■[Dramatic One Paper].
 How do we translate knowledge into earning money? First, you need to demonstrate, "I have the knowledge to create wealth. → Write and publish your knowledge.
 I am not a writer. Spend your time gathering as much information as possible and placing it appropriately, rather than making up a story by fluffing up limited information.
 Impactful statistical facts are the life of the slide.
 The disease of "suddenly each argument." First of all, a bird's eye view should be shown.
 Don't be afraid to ask questions of your boss.
 The nature of things is arbitrary and prejudiced. However, there is no such thing as an absolute right answer, so you should say what you think is right.
 Organizing = dismantling and classifying. To have no hesitation in dismantling (deleting), we need to feel secure that we can put it back if we want to.
 Can't write" = not enough information → research collection → write everything down → organize (delete and group)
 Abstract information + concrete examples" are the two wheels of the car.
 If you let your writing lie, you will find unfounded assumptions. Write with a lot of tension, then revise after you calm down.
 It is other people who judge whether it is done well or not. We don't judge it as bad on our own and hide it.

■[Growth Strategies from Age 30].
 When reading a text, the purpose should be clear. If you can't think of one, the purpose should be "to decide if it is worth reading carefully. A text for which no purpose can no longer be found is tasteless gum.
 Output Study Method: Practice (output)-driven lazy study method
 Skim reading: to get an idea of what the terminology means, an overview, and where things are located. It is like looking at a map of a place you are visiting for the first time.
 Show the output to "the person who will belittle you when you're bad".
 Time is finite, so discarding is important. If you don't know what to discard, learn from what you need and indirectly discard what you don't need.
 You can't differentiate yourself by learning what everyone else is learning; you can't differentiate yourself by getting an MBA; you can't differentiate yourself by learning what everyone else is learning.
 People are creatures that make mistakes, so it's very easy to find mistakes and point them out. Don't stop at just pointing them out. Think about what exactly you would do. If you make some reforms, something will always go wrong. So I can't do anything" is an escape. It's barbaric to say, "We'll figure it out. Think of ways to minimize the negative effects.
 There is no single objective mind. There are only countless subjective 'truths. When you disagree, think not "which is right" but "why did we reach different conclusions?
 Improve your ability to learn rather than your knowledge. Hone your ability to adapt to changing circumstances. Learn higher, less popular skills.
 Honors students are not good at discarding. This is because it is important to reinforce areas of weakness when studying for entrance examinations. However, once you enter society, differentiation is important. You must aim for a perfect score in one subject rather than a passing score in all subjects.

■[Assoc. 2007/04].
 Reactions when people are not convinced: "Are you sure?" And that's all?" The former is a leap of logic, the latter an omission of enumeration.
 Use of voice: Throw information bluntly and emotions softly.
 To come up with: clarify what you need to come up with.
 Imitate: If an unfavorable image comes to mind, imagine what you can do about it.
 When you listen to someone, you adopt an attitude of ignorance. You get nothing out of it if you think, "Oh, I know."
 The 100 cases method: Concentrate on a single point and collect 100 samples to be at the top of the list with respect to that point. For example, 100 supermarket meat sections are observed. It is easy to find regularity.
 A good rakugo storyteller focuses the audience's attention by being silent or slowing down his tone.
 Desperately trying to explain that it's not your fault: isn't it really gray? Isn't it self-preservation? Isn't that justification?
 Prepare positive feelings first before meeting others. Smile. And praise. Don't be humble, but be cheerful. You don't have to say anything smart. Be careful not to make mistakes.
 Start with easy questions and easy-to-talk-about topics to warm up the place, then ask difficult questions.
 Poor men talk about other men. Average men talk about events. Great men talk about ideas.
 Do not laugh at your failures and cover them up. You cannot fake it. Be honest and get down.

■[TIME HACKS!]
 Habit is second nature: "The only way to go to a great place is to accumulate small things" by Ichiro
 The priority of TODOs changes daily. TODOs that were not done yesterday will be reassessed for priority.
 Don't be stingy with stationery. It's cheap stuff.
 Do not rely on memory. It is important to be able to add to it anytime, anywhere.
 How to Soak in a Habit: Do what's fun, not what's right. Habits and the negative habit of "not doing something" are two sides of the same coin. Quantify -> build up -> look back on a monthly basis.
 To focus on the present, one must forget the past and the future.
 The desk top should be a work space. Dust everything into boxes and it will be tidy.
 flow: what you are using now, stock: what you are done using but will need later, reference: what you don't need all the time but need to refer to occasionally, the rest is garbage
 Business cards are put in the order of newest to oldest by creating a "business card box you received". Move them to the front when accessed.
 The risk of not doing it is greater than the risk of doing it. Invest time to gain experience.
 People who are good at their jobs refine their work by creating patterns and repeating them.
 Niche-top strategies for time investment. If you set a goal of this or that when you spend your time, your selection decisions will be blurred. Focus on a single point. Pinpoint.
 Growth (acquisition of new things) and maintenance, stability, and efficiency are necessary.

■[Leveraged Reading].
 Just inputting is just self-satisfaction. It is how you output that counts.
 Sense of purpose important. The color bath effect. Even reading a book has a purpose.
 20% of the book has 80% of the content; discard the 20%. Extract and make notes for yourself. Throw away the original. Read the extracted notes repeatedly. Concentrate further.
